34727935	NONE	Quand le magizoologiste Norbert Dragonneau arrive a New York, il ne compte y faire qu'une breve escale. Mais sa valise magique est egaree et certains des animaux fantastiques qu'elle contient s'echappent dans la ville. Les ennuis commencent alors... pour tout le monde.Inspire par le manuel de la Bibliotheque de Poudlard signe Norbert Dragonneau, Les Animaux fantastiques : le texte du film est le premier scenario ecrit par J. K. Rowling, auteur de la saga Harry Potter, phenomene litteraire et best-seller mondial universellement salue. Eclatante d'imagination et racontee de main de maitre, cette aventure epique abrite une remarquable galerie de personnages et de creatures magiques. Que l'on soit deja fan, ou nouveau dans le Monde des Sorciers, cet ouvrage completera parfaitement la bibliotheque de tout lecteur ou amoureux du film.Le film Les Animaux fantastiques est sorti en salles le 16 novembre 2016.
13343514	STABILITY	Twelve-year-old Lucy Desberg is a natural problem solver. After the local homecoming queen shows up at her family's struggling drugstore with a beauty disaster that Lucy helps to fix, Lucy has a long line of makeover customers for every school dance and bat mitzvah. But all the makeup tips in the world won't help save the pharmacy. If only she could find a way to make the pharmacy the center of town again, a place where people want to spend time, like in the old days. Lucy dreams up a solution that could resuscitate the family business and help the environment, too. But will Lucy's family stop fighting long enough to listen to a seventh-grader?This book is a funny and sweet debut featuring an unforgettable narrator who knows what she wants, whether it's great makeup, a killer business plan, or a better world.
10990017	MASTERY	Every winter, straight-laced, Ivy League bound Evan looks forward to a visit from Lucy, a childhood pal who moved away after her parent's divorce. But when Lucy arrives this year, she's changed. The former "girl next door" now has chopped dyed black hair, a nose stud, and a scowl. But Evan knows that somewhere beneath the Goth, "Old Lucy" still exists, and he's determined to find her... even if it means pissing her off.Garden Statemeets Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlistin this funny and poignant illustrated novel about opposites who fall in love.
358187	INDEPENDENCE	It is 1974 and the country is still struggling to come to terms with the Vietnam War. In the small town of Conners, Georgia, Darcy has just started high school, her older sister Adel goes to weekend dances at the local Army base, and their mother tends her beautiful garden-the biggest and best in town. But Darcy's world is soon changed forever when her mother goes to Atlanta for tests. The diagnosis is not good-breast cancer. There is so much Darcy wants to talk to her mother about: the war and what happened to the soldiers who were there; the feelings she is having for the new (and troubled) boy in school. But she can't. So she finds solace in her mother's garden. There she can help the flowers her mother planted bloom.From the Hardcover edition.
28256471	BELONGING	Lara just got told off on Facebook.She thought that Christian liked her, that he was finally going to ask her to his school's homecoming dance. It's been a long time since Lara's felt this bad, this depressed. She's worked really hard since starting high school to be happy and make new friends.Bree used to be BBFs with overweight, depressed Lara in middle school, but constantly listening to Lara's problems got to be too much. Bree's secretly glad that Christian's pointed out Lara's flaws to the world. Lara's not nearly as great as everyone thinks.After weeks of talking online, Lara thought she knew Christian, so what's with this sudden change? And where does he get off saying horrible things on her wall? Even worse - are they true?But no one realized just how far Christian's harsh comments would push Lara. Not even Bree.As online life collides with real life, the truth starts to come together and the backlash is even more devastating than anyone could have imagined.
8196698	STABILITY	Since their mother's death, Carter and Sadie have become near strangers. While Sadie has lived with her grandparents in London, her brother has traveled the world with their father, the brilliant Egyptologist, Dr. Julius Kane.One night, Dr. Kane brings the siblings together for a "research experiment" at the British Museum, where he hopes to set things right for his family. Instead, he unleashes the Egyptian god Set, who banishes him to oblivion and forces the children to flee for their lives.Soon, Sadie and Carter discover that the gods of Egypt are waking, and the worst of them --Set-- has his sights on the Kanes. To stop him, the siblings embark on a dangerous journey across the globe - a quest that brings them ever closer to the truth about their family and their links to a secret order that has existed since the time of the pharaohs.
2822285	BELONGING	Julie has had a crush in Dan ever since sophomore year. Now that Pam, Dan's old girlfriend, has moved away, Julie finally has him all to herself. And he is worth the wait. Dan is one of the most popular boys in school and he really cares for Julie.But something is wrong. Every time she sees Dan so much as talk to another girl, Julie becomes hopelessly jealous. And even when Dan reassures her, it doesn't help.Then Pam returns and Julie is convinced Dan is seeing her again. Will Julie let her jealousy ruin the best relationship she's ever had?
17450999	INDEPENDENCE	Helena Linx is falling apart. Facing the repercussions of her efforts to reveal the truth, Helena is separated from her closest allies by both justice and betrayal.With their backs against the wall, Helena and her brother, Harrison, become tangled in politics and scandal as Harrison runs for City Representative--a position of tremendous power, and their ticket to Arbella. There they will find the capital of post-Cavall America and the site of the infamous Lazaretto Penitentiary.But then a brush with death puts Helena over the edge. Suddenly alone and facing death, she has no choice but to seek help in the last place she ever expected to look. And as pressure mounts Helena learns that the only thing worse than being watched, is realizing that all along she should have been watching those whom she thought she could trust.Panopticon is the sequel to The Complex and Severance, and is the third installment in the Linx Series.
26703307	BELONGING	Sixteen-year-old Lizzie Finkelstein is a hard-partying socialite who lives a charmed life with her mother in Manhattan. After a public drunken sexual escapade results in both an arrest and an embarrassing viral video online, Lizzie s parents stage a late night intervention. Lizzie finds herself whisked away to Utah to learn a lesson or two about taking responsibility at Camp Smiley, a wilderness survival program for troubled kids.Camp Smiley is a far cry from Lizzie s high society life in New York. Without her stable of luxury hair/makeup items, her teacup Pomeranian, contact with the outside world or access to social media, Lizzie must face the harsh conditions of the outdoors. Grouped with troubled campers in which she s certain she has nothing in common (except Jack, who s pretty hot), Lizzie must now learn to dig her own toilet in the woods and build a fire by rubbing two sticks together before the camp will ever let her go back to her former existence. She has a choice: get with the program, or get out of there."
11509152	STABILITY	Most high school sports teams have rivalries with other schools. At Hamilton High, it's a civil war: the football team versus the soccer team. And for her part,Lissa is sick of it. Her quarterback boyfriend, Randy, is always ditching her to go pick a fight with the soccer team or to prank their locker room. And on three separate occasions Randy's car has been egged while he and Lissa were inside, making out. She is done competing with a bunch of sweaty boys for her own boyfriend's attention.Lissa decides to end the rivalry once and for all: She and the other players' girlfriends go on a hookup strike. The boys won't get any action from them until the football and soccer teams make peace. What they don't count on is a new sort of rivalry: an impossible girls-against-boys showdown that hinges on who will cave to their libidos first. And Lissa never sees her own sexual tension with the leader of the boys, Cash Sterling, coming.
30524746	MASTERY	The first YA page-turner from New York Times bestselling author Gregg HurwitzIn one terrifying night, the peaceful community of Creek's Cause turns into a war zone. No one under the age of eighteen is safe. Chance Rain and his older brother, Patrick, have already fended off multiple attacks from infected adults by the time they arrive at the school where other young survivors are hiding.Most of the kids they know have been dragged away by once-trusted adults who are now ferocious, inhuman beings. The parasite that transformed them takes hold after people turn eighteen--and Patrick's birthday is only a few days away.Determined to save Patrick's life and the lives of the remaining kids, the brothers embark on a mission to uncover the truth about the parasites--and what they find is horrifying. Battling an enemy not of this earth, Chance and Patrick become humanity's only hope for salvation.
27233382	BELONGING	Emerson Montgomery loves his high school sweetheart, Kelly Price. He'd do anything for her, including agreeing to a break where they'll see other people as he heads off to college. Struggling with the break and guilt over dating other people, Emerson meets Eva, a beautiful, funny, easygoing, and nosey junior.Eva Harvey chose this particular college with the hopes of fulfilling her own fairytale and falling in love at the same college where her parents met. She does her best to go with the flow and simply see what happens, but Emerson simultaneously causes her to fall in love while making her second guess everything along the way.There's some things you know without a doubt. However, Eva causes Emerson to doubt everything he believes about his future while he causes her to doubt what's right in front of her. Can they find a way to erase all doubts or will it tear them apart in the process?
1057617	INDEPENDENCE	Twelve-year-old Meggie learns that her father, who repairs and binds books for a living, can "read" fictional characters to life when one of those characters abducts them and tries to force him into service.Characters from books literally leap off the page in this engrossing fantasy. Meggie has had her father to herself since her mother went away when she was young. Mo taught her to read when she was five, and the two share a mutual love of books. He can "read" characters out of books. When she was three, he read aloud from a book called Inkheart and released characters into the real world. At the same time, Meggie's mother disappeared into the story. This "story within a story" will delight not just fantasy fans, but all readers who like an exciting plot with larger-than-life characters.
18242861	MASTERY	A mysterious girl who won't speak; a coal black seal named Nera that returns to the same place very year; a bitter feud of unknown origin--strange things are happening on Whidbey Island, and Becca King, is drawn into the maelstrom of events.But Becca, first met in The Edge of Nowhere, has her own secrets to hide. Still on the run from her criminal stepfather, Becca is living in a secret location. Even Derric, the Ugandan orphan with whom Becca shares a close, romantic relationship, can't be allowed to know her whereabouts.As secrets of past and present are revealed, Becca becomes aware of her growing paranormal powers, and events build to a shocking climax anticipated by no one.Acclaimed author Elizabeth George brings her extraordinary talents to this intriguing story that blends mystery and myth.
298464	BELONGING	Unearthly Beauty There's something strange about the new girls in town. Briar Creek, Oregon, has never seen anything like the supernatural grace of Rowan, Kestrel, and Jade, three sisters who move into the dilapidated old house next to Mark and Mary-Lynnette Carter. Mark is obsessed with Jade-- but she and her sisters have a secret. And when Mark and Mary-Lynnette follow them into the woods one night, they are plunged into a nightmare beyond their imagination. Because the sisters are fugitives from the Night World, and their brother Ash is hot on the trail behind them. He's ruthless, gorgeous, and he has orders to bring the girls back at all costs. And when he sees Mary-Lynette, he decides to take her too...
30322601	INDEPENDENCE	Joe wakes up from a deep sleep to see his family leave in a removals van. Where they've gone, he has no idea. Erin moves house and instantly feels at home in her new room. Even if it appears she isn't the only one living in it. Bit by bit, Erin and Joe discover that they have somehow found a way across the ultimate divide - life and death. Bound by their backgrounds, a love of poetry and their growing feelings for each other, they are determined to find a way to be together.Joe's brother, Olly, never cared much for poetry. He was always too busy being king of the school - but that all changed when Joe died. And when an encounter in the school corridor brings him face to face with Erin, he realises how different things really are - including the kind of girl he falls for.Two brothers. Two choices. Will Erin's decision destroy her completely, or can she save herself before she is lost forever?
17157570	MASTERY	Maci Might's sixteenth birthday is supposed to be the day she's awarded Hero status. But thanks to a tiny anger problem and a questionable family tree, King City's elders think it's best if she doesn't join the Hero ranks. Determined to change their minds, Maci will break whatever rule it takes to prove she's Hero material. As her hair darkens and her anger grows, everyone turns against her except Evan; a childhood friend turned scientist who may be able to unlock the secrets hidden in her DNA.When a villain attacks King City and her dad is held prisoner, Maci discovers a truth she refuses to believe. She may not be a Hero after all--but this time the Heroes of King City need her more than she needs them. And she won't let them down.Powered is the first in a trilogy.
1739991	MASTERY	About three things I was absolutely positive:First, Edward was a vampire.Second, there was a part of him-and I didn't know how dominant that part might be-that thirsted for my blood.And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him."I'D NEVER GIVEN MUCH THOUGHT TO HOW I WOULD DIE- I'd had reason enough in the last few months -but even if I had, I would not have imagined it like this. . . . Surely it was a good way to die, in the place of something else, someone I loved. Noble, even. That ought to count for something."When Isabella Swan moves to the gloomy town of Forks and meets the mysterious, alluring Edward Cullen, her life takes a thrilling and terrifying turn. With his porcelain skin, golden eyes, mesmerizing voice, and supernatural gifts, Edward is both irresistible and impenetrable. Up until now, he has managed to keep his true identity hidden, but Bella is determined to uncover his dark secret.What Bella doesn't realize is the closer she gets to him, the more she is putting herself and those around her at risk. And, it might be too late to turn back. . . .Deeply seductive and extraordinarily suspenseful, Twilightwill have readers riveted right until the very last page is turned.
23361398	MASTERY	After fifteen-year-old Tuck finds a Maya artifact while on vacation in Guatemala, his whole life changes. To his surprise, he discovers he can make it rain and snow. A local weatherman happens to be around when Tuck creates a waterspout near his home in Tarpon Springs, Florida, and the next thing he knows, someone from the Department of Homeland Security is picking him up at school and taking him to their offices in Orlando. From there, things only get weirder and more dangerous when he's escorted to Washington, D.C.With help from friends and family, Tuck tries to outwit government agents while staying one step ahead of the mysterious Rafe Castillo, the man assigned to ride herd on him. Tuck has an amazing opportunity to reverse the effects of climate change... but only if he stays alive long enough to do it.
11347538	INDEPENDENCE	Life can get pretty complicated for any seventeen-year-old girl, but for a home-schooled telepathic black girl trying to survive in a prestigious private school in small-town Jonesborough, Tennessee, it can be maddening - especially when her telepathic father keeps eavesdropping on her thoughts!Jaycie Lerner's family isn't the usual mom-dad-kid setup. Jaycie's mom's MIA, but Allison, her personal live-in 'trainer,' is more than a mom, with her own special abilities, like being able to lift cars and run incredibly fast. And Jaycie's godfather John is more than persuasive - he can literally convince anyone to do anything.As far as the rest of the world's concerned, Jaycie's on the outside looking in. The townsfolk love Jaycie's pediatrician father, but she doesn't fit in with 'normal' kids, and she doesn't really want to. Most of her free time is spent training to keep her telekinetic and telepathic powers under control. But there's one thing she can't control - and that's her feelings, especially when her best friend Matt is nearby. If only he knew what she was truly capable of...Everything seems to be status quo for Jaycie until she receives a cryptic message from a stranger and meets a very unusual girl new to Jonesborough. Then all hell breaks loose!
12973591	BELONGING	Welcome to an alternate 1986 on the North Shore of Minnesota, where young underdog Quinn returns for another summer working at an off-season ski resort.A resort for wizards--like Quinn.Like most mages his age, Quinn's got no car, no money, and wants desperately to get the girl. And not just any girl--an alchemist.Emma is the quintessential dream girl: smart, funny, gorgeous--and oblivious to Quinn's affection.But this summer, Quinn has a plan. A big one. It's an all-or-nothing shot to win her over. Because Emma needs a stone--a magic stone--if she wants to study alchemy abroad. And Quinn needs an opportunity.Quinn's quest is a quirky, coming-of-age story with a fantasy twist. It's John Hughes meets Lord of the Rings--with all the swords, spells, and '80s music you can handle!
22500644	NONE	The incorrigible children of Ashton Place are especially naughty, but they can't help it: They were raised by wolves. Now that they've been adopted by an English lord and lady, adjusting to a genteel life won't be easy, even with a mysterious young governess to teach them about everything from French to forks. Perfect for fans of Lemony Snicket, The Incorrigible Children of Ashton Placebooks have been named a KirkusBest Book for Children, placed on the Kids' Indie Next List, and chosen as Chicago Public Library Best of the Best.Together for the first time, this collection includes:The Incorrigible Children of Ashton Place: Book I: The Mysterious Howling The Incorrigible Children of Ashton Place: Book II: The Hidden Gallery The Incorrigible Children of Ashton Place: Book III: The Unseen Guest
29618153	MASTERY	Max Jackson is your typical teenage boy, concentrating on his classes at school and being accepted into a good university after graduation. There's just the small matter of the bomb in his basement, one Max and his fellow members of the "Injustice League" plan to use to level their city's unethical government. Too bad superhero Crush Goodman puts a stop to their plans. Max understands why Crush would steal the League's doomsday device, but why is Crush following him around and acting like they're friends? When the reprehensible Doctor Decay butts his head into Max's business, Max has to figure out how to save the city he's always worked to destroy--with or without Crush's help.
20701398	STABILITY	When Zeus invites Therese and Thanatos to a party on Mount Olympus in their honor, they and the other gods who have formed the Athena Alliance are immediately suspicious of a trap. They fear Zeus has learned of their desire to free Metis and Cybele and to stand up for all the women he has wronged. Although Therese recruits Dione, Amphitrite, and others to the Alliance, Pete has unwittingly sabotaged their plans by revealing to Zeus the prophecy from the ghost of Mr. Holt. And now, the day that might have been the most wonderful day of Therese's life (her wedding day) will be wrought with conflict where someone close to her is fated to die. Can Therese and the other gods in the Alliance bind the almighty Zeus and restore justice and true democracy among the Olympians? Or will Zeus succeed in swallowing Therese and separating her from Thanatos for all eternity?
23720996	BELONGING	In the aftermath of one tragic and uncertain night, Edy and Hassan shut out the chaos with a kiss. But when Hassan's traditionalist mother sees that kiss ... Well, a nightmare of a different sort begins. After all, he still has an arranged marriage on the horizon.Love attacks the glue of their two bonded families; while the slow tug of success pulls Edy and Hassan in opposite directions. After denying their feelings for so long, they now have each other, but are forced to ask themselves if being together is worth it.
22896537	INDEPENDENCE	The Unbecoming of Mara Dyermeets The Fifth Wavein this chilling and explosive new series from author Kimberly Derting.The last thing Kyra Agnew remembers is a flash of bright light. She awakes to discover that five whole years have passed. Everyone in her life has moved on--her parents are divorced, her boyfriend is in college and dating her best friend--but Kyra's still the sixteen-year-old she was when she vanished. She finds herself drawn to Tyler, her boyfriend's kid brother, despite her best efforts to ignore this growing attraction.In order to find out the truth, the two of them decide to retrace her steps from that fateful night. They discover that there are others who have been "taken," just like Kyra. But Kyra is the first person to have been returned past the forty-eight-hour taken mark. With a determined secret government agency after her,Kyra desperately tries to find an explanation and reclaim the life she once had . . . but what if the life she wants back is not her own?
18924705	BELONGING	Tales of Foster High - Sequel to The End of the BeginningKyle Stilleno used to be the invisible student. Brad Greymark used to be the baseball star. Then they fell in love and Brad outed them both with a spectacular public display of affection, and now everything is different.After spending a few days lying low, Kyle and Brad are going back to school. It's time to face the music and see how Foster High deals with their growing romance. But the school's reaction--and the staff's hostility--are not what they expected. Everyone they know seems to be allied against them. Isn't there anyone they can count on to defend their happiness?
13539721	BELONGING	Olive's mother is headed to jail and her brother to join the Army, so thirteen-year-old Olive is uprooted from sunny California and dumped in Washington State like a stray. That's exactly what she feels like surrounded by her aunt's collection of homeless dogs, cats, and horses.Fourteen-year-old David's future is already carved in stone. From a military family with two brothers serving overseas, he's been pointed towards the Air Force Academy his entire life - but a rafting trip gone awry might ruin his chances.When a runaway dog is almost hit by a car, the search for its owner leads Olive and David, two kids from entirely different backgrounds, to an unlikely bond. Will their growing attraction to each other be enough to keep Olive from a foolhardy journey to find her mother? Will David risk his family's plans to save her?
18299802	BELONGING	"He's a jock. I'm not. He's popular. I'm not. He's good-looking. I'm not. And have I mentioned that we're the best of friends? So he loves me... as a friend. Too bad, because I don't just love him. I'm in love with him." -Dakota Evans____________Dakota's sarcastic, Aaron isn't.Aaron's a morning person, Dakota most definitely is not.Dakota's a nerd, while Aaron's a jock.Aaron loves High School, while Dakota thinks nothing about school is cool.Who would've thought that these two people are the best of friends?Not many people are happy, that's for sure.Being in love is hard.Being in love with your best friend is harder.Being in love with your best friend who is in an entirely different clique in High School is the hardest.____________
19195606	NONE	It's supposed to stink. That's what Cusps do.The Ianua, Nalena and Garrett's own community, have welcomed them back by charging them as traitors and chucking them into the Hotel Celare's slammer.And outside the fortress walls, it's no better.The Cusp is at full-boil as the world finally surrenders to The Fury's lifestyle. Looting, riots, murders--every kind of crime has become the norm--and The Fury want to make it all permanent. They might even succeed, now that they've nabbed all thirteen of the Ianua's Cornerstones.To preserve mankind, the only chance the Ianua have left is to beat The Fury to the Earth's Core and somehow trigger the Reset.Like that's easy.There's no manual on how to activate a Reset. Nobody even knows if there's an actual Core to the Earth.Shoot, it could be one big myth; an epic waste of effort.But the Addo thinks there is one last hope.Maybe.So long as someone is willing to sacrifice everything to be mankind's long shot.
23575434	BELONGING	We've seen Ella's story in The Night We Said Yes, but now we'll hear Matt's tale in this e-original novella from Lauren Gibaldi.Seventeen-year-old Matt had the perfect life in Orlando. He met the girl of his dreams, rocked out on bass in an awesome band, and partied with the best group of friends he could ask for. But then his family gets a call and he has to move back to Texas--immediately. Now stuck with no possibility of ever seeing his friends in Orlando again, Matt is ready to give up. But can he open up his heart to new friends and a second chance?Epic Reads Impulse is a digital imprint with new releases each month.
24880166	INDEPENDENCE	In a medieval fantasy world where a handful of refugees from a Viking-like world now live in peace in a village of Shining Star people in the Great Turtle Lands, Greeta faces a dilemma. Although she longs to be married and have children, her sweetheart is balking. Something is wrong, and she suspects it's because she looks nothing like any other young women. Instead of being petite and dark, Greeta is tall and pale.For the first time in her life, Greeta is beginning to realize she has nowhere to fit in. And she could be facing a lonely life without love or a family of her own.The appearance of a shaman in her village changes everything. The shaman insists Greeta must learn to walk in the Dreamtime because dark days approach and a key to the survival of all people in the Great Turtle Lands will be a gift that Greeta doesn't yet know she has. Convinced she no longer belongs in her own village, Greeta leaves with the shaman.But the travels beyond the village Greeta has always known and loved soon become perilous. She will soon learn that Dragonfly, the name given to her by the Shining Star people, is a clue to both the mysterious past she can't remember as well as her future.Dragonfly is Book 1 in the new epic fantasy adventure series that is also the second series set in Resa Nelson's Dragonslayer World, a world brimming with female heroes, shapechangers, ghosts, and dragons. The Dragonfly series revolves around fantasy cultures inspired by the Norse exploration of Native America over 1000 years ago.
23353196	STABILITY	If you love ballet fiction... For Indigo Stevens, ballet classes at Miss Roberta's ballet studio offer the stability and structure that are missing from her crazy home life. At almost 16, she hopes this is the year she will be accepted into the New York School of Ballet so she can begin her ballet dance career. First she must prove she's ready, and that means ignoring Jesse Sanders, the cute boy with dimples who is definitely at the top of Miss Roberta's List of Forbidden Things for Dancers.But Jesse is the least of Indigo's concerns. When she discovers her mom is an alcoholic, it simultaneously explains everything and heaps more worry on Indigo's shoulders. As her mom's behavior becomes increasingly erratic, Indigo fights to maintain balance, protect her younger brothers from abuse, and keep her mother from going over the edge. But life with an alcoholic parent is unpredictable. When the violence at home escalates, Indigo realizes she can no longer dance around the issue. At the risk of losing everything, she must take matters into her own hands before it's too late.Scroll up and grab a copy today.
17427352	MASTERY	Rafe Khatchadorian is getting the Hollywood treatment in a film version of Middle School: The Worst Years of My Lifestarring Griffin Gluck, Lauren Graham, Rob Riggle and Thomas Barbusca.Rafe Khatchadorian has enough problems at home without throwing his first year of middle school into the mix. Luckily, he's got an ace plan for the best year ever, if he can pull it off. With his best friend Leonardo the Silent awarding him points, Rafe tries to break every rule in his school's oppressive Code of Conduct. Chewing gum in class - 5,000 points! Running in the hallway - 10,000 points! Pulling the fire alarm - 50,000 points! But when Rafe's game starts to catch up with him, he'll have to decide if winning is all that matters, or if he's finally ready to face the rules, bullies, and truths he's been avoiding.
11486357	BELONGING	According to Albert Einstein, the distinction between past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion. He might have been right.Seventeen-year-old Jessie McLeod is used to getting glimpses of the past when she touches objects in her dads antique shop, but she's not used to the past looking back. Especially when the past is a gorgeous guy and she is dressed like a slob.Shocked and intrigued, Jessie becomes obsessed with trying to catch another glimpse of that perfect face. When thoughts of him invade her sleep, the dreams seem so real that she wakes with the feel of his lips lingering on her skin. Soon after, however, the one guy she thought shed never date suddenly asks her out. Either something strange is going on, or all those years of using furniture cleaner finally caused brain damage.Brain damage is easy enough to believe-until the day she turns around and looks straight into the face from her dreams. Completely unaware, Jessie is now in a race against time to remember something important, and the one person who can tell her the truth doesnt dare to-she must remember on her own.With only a week before senior year, the once self-assured Jessie is now sure of nothing. Well, maybe one thing. Everythings been turned upside down, and it's all because of that stupid mirror she found in the shop on Monday and the glimpse that changed her future-maybe even her past.
21889092	MASTERY	A ballerina, twirling on a wire high above the crowd. Horses, prancing like salsa dancers. Trapeze artists, flying like somersaulting falcons. And magic crackling through the air. Welcome to the Cirque American!Sixteen-year-old Jules Maroni's dream is to follow in her father's footsteps as a high-wire walker. When her family is offered a prestigious role in the new Cirque American, it seems that Jules and the Amazing Maronis will finally get the spotlight they deserve. But the presence of the Flying Garcias may derail her plans. For decades, the two rival families have avoided each other as sworn enemies.Jules ignores the drama and focuses on the wire, skyrocketing to fame as the girl in a red tutu who dances across the wire at death-defying heights. But when she discovers a peacock feather--an infamous object of bad luck--planted on her costume, Jules nearly loses her footing. She has no choice but to seek help from the unlikeliest of people: Remy Garcia, son of the Garcia clan matriarch and the best trapeze artist in the Cirque.As more mysterious talismans believed to possess unlucky magic appear, Jules and Remy unite to find the culprit. And if they don't figure out what's going on soon, Jules may be the first Maroni to do the unthinkable: fall.
26116441	BELONGING	The Great Gatsbymeets Looking for Alaskain this stunning debut from Chelsey Philpot. With inspiration drawn from Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited, this novel perfectly captures the love and heartbreak that can change us most.When Julia Buchanan enrolls at St. Anne's at the beginning of junior year, Charlotte Ryder already knows all about her. Most people do . . . or think they do. But as Charlotte is pulled into the larger-than-life new girl's world--a world of midnight rendezvous, dazzling parties, palatial vacation homes, and fizzy champagne cocktails--she realizes that behind Julia's self-assured smiles and toasts to the future, she is still suffering from a tragedy. A tragedy that the Buchanan family has kept hidden . . . until now.
683714	MASTERY	Notable Children's Books (American Library Association)Best Books for Young Adults (American Library Association)2005 Alberta Children's Book of the Year2004 Editor's Choice, Kirkus Reviews(United States)2004 California Top 10 Library Association2004 Pennsylvania Top 10 Library AssociationGovernor General's Literary Award 2004, finalistThirteen-year-old Heck is a pretty normal kid with some artistic talent and a hyperactive imagination. Life with his mother has been hand-to-mouth but not catastrophic. He has a modest, passive support system: his best friend and some kindly acquaintances.When he and his mother are evicted, she assumes he's staying with his friend. Heck, confident of his own ability to get by and wanting to protect his mother from criticism, decides not to ask for help. For the next few days he brushes up against a harsher reality than he anticipated. He's hungry, broke, homeless and plagued by a toothache.Heck has a series of encounters involving varying degrees of callousness, harshness, and risk. He sustains himself (and the reader) with his wit, imagination and optimism. As Heck faces the challenges of growing up on the streets - including drugs, pain, hunger, theft and homelessness - he must come to terms with his choices, his perceptions of himself, and his perceptions of others.Heck Superherois award-winning author Martine Leavitt's second foray into the world of today's urban teenager. Heck is as real as Martine's other troubled teenager, Tom Finder (Red Deer Press, 2003). And, like Tom Finder, Heck must find the inner strength to face the truth.
13101481	BELONGING	Eden Newman must mate by age 18--or die! But who wants a lowly, white-skinned Pearl, worthless in a world ruled by dark-skinned Coals? In a post-apocalyptic world where resistance to solar heat defines class and beauty, Eden is at the bottom of the heap. All she has to offer is the secret to save the dying human race, a secret that may just get her killed. She hopes one Coal sees the real Eden and will save her--she is secretly dating her handsome co-worker. But when Eden unwittingly compromises her father's biological experiment, she is thrust into the last remaining patch of rainforest, a strange and dangerous land, and into the arms of a beastly man who she believes in her enemy, despite her overwhelming attraction. Eden must fight to survive, but only if she can redefine her ideas of beauty--and of true love.
24952903	MASTERY	Jo Bristol has a tick ... she has visions of killing people. Los Angeles is under attack from cyber terrorists, and in an effort to stop them, the city uses spy drones to seek out civilians with brain abnormalities and adjusts their brains to remove any criminal tendencies. Jo has spent her life evading the drones and having her brain be manipulated by keeping her tick a secret, until a week before her seventeenth birthday her visions threaten to become reality.Having always wanted to be a painter, Jo knows any adjustment to her brain could alter her artistic sense and she could lose all that makes her who she is. She must do everything she can to hide the darkness in her mind or lose her muse completely.The first in a 3-Part series, TICK is the beginning of Jo's adventures, and will continue into two more books, VICE and MARK.
22555228	INDEPENDENCE	Jamie Monroe has always played it safe. That is, until her live-for-the-moment best friend, Tristan, jets off to Italy on a student exchange program. Left alone with her part-time mother and her disabled brother, Jamie discovers that she is quite capable of taking her own risks, starting with her best friend's hotter-than-hot older brother, Sawyer. Sawyer and Tristan have been neighbors for years, but as Jamie grows closer to the family she thought she knew, she discovers some pretty big secrets.As she sinks deeper into their web of pretense, she suspects that her best friend may not be on a safe exchange program at all. Jamie sets off to Europe on a class trip with plans to meet up with Tristan, but when Tristan stops all communication, suddenly no one seems trustworthy, least of all the one person she was starting to trust--Sawyer.
34824578	MASTERY	When fifteen-year-old Kayla Dexter "gets dumped" by her best friend since third grade, she reinvents herself using books, boys, and revenge.Kayla is intense, sincere, and sincerely intense. She's thrilled to be starting tenth grade at La Jolla Prep Academy, even though she doesn't have nearly as much money as her classmates. Thankfully, Kayla's best friend Amanda Swenson helps her blend in.But when Kayla unintentionally offends new girl Victoria Lancer, she discovers just how mean high school girls can be. Kayla's rise to YouTube stardom happens in the worst possible way. The cruelest part is that Amanda sides with Victoria.Kayla's circumstances change for the better when she dates Logan Robinson, a junior who brings an instant group of friends with him. But a disastrous night at Winter Formal helps Kayla discover something important: the only hero she needs is herself.So with her diary in one hand and a pocket recording device in the other, Kayla captures all of the moments that matter. Victoria better watch out! Kayla's line between justice and revenge is thin. When La Jolla Prep Academy hears what's on Kayla's computer, everyone will take notice... including Amanda.
29284520	INDEPENDENCE	The newest heartwrenchingly powerful novel from the bestelling author of IF I STAY.When her best friend Meg drinks a bottle of industrial-strength cleaner alone in a motel room, Cody is understandably shocked and devastated. She and Meg shared everything so how was there no warning? But when Cody travels to Meg s college town to pack up the belongings left behind, she discovers that there s a lot that Meg never told her. About her old roommates, the sort of people Cody never would have met in her dead-end small town in Washington. About Ben McAllister, the boy with a guitar and a sneer, and some secrets of his own. And about an encrypted computer file that Cody can t open until she does, and suddenly everything Cody thought she knew about her best friend s death gets thrown into question."I Was Here"is Gayle Forman at her finest, a taut, emotional, and ultimately redemptive story about redefining the meaning of family and finding a way to move forward even in the face of unspeakable loss."
19996956	INDEPENDENCE	Freshman Daniel Pratzer gets a chance to prove himself when the chess team invites him and his father to a weekend-long parent-child tournament. Daniel, thinking that his father is a novice, can't understand why his teammates want so badly for them to participate. Then he finds out the truth: as a teen, his father was one of the most promising young players in America, but the pressures of the game pushed him too far, and he had to give up chess to save his own life and sanity. Now, thirty years later, Mr. Pratzer returns to the game to face down an old competitor and the same dark demons that lurk in the corners of a mind stretched by the demands of the game. Daniel was looking for acceptance--but the secrets he uncovers about his father will force him to make some surprising moves himself, in Grandmaster by David Klass.
22747829	MASTERY	Powerful forces collide in this explosive conclusion to the middle-grade dystopian Psi Chronicles trilogy.Four months ago, Taemon was able to stave off an invasion by the Republikite army by using tricks to convince his enemies that the people of Deliverance still had the telekinetic ability known as psi. Now, though, the truth of his deception has come to light, and the Republik is prepared to mount another attack, led by General Sarin and his son, Gevri. Once an ally, Gevri is fuming over Taemon's perceived betrayal. Now that his father has put him in charge of a special archon unit, Gevri is ready to exact revenge on his foe--and, with Deliverance securely in the control of the Republik, to end the centuries-long war between the Republik and the Nau nations. Can Taemon--the supposed True Son and savior of Deliverance--find a way to save his people one last time?
23127247	BELONGING	"What if the one thing you never meant to hold on to, is the one thing you can't let go of?"Normally finding a hot guy in her bedroom wouldn't irritate Zoe so badly, but finding her childhood friend Logan there is a big problem. Mostly because he's dead.As the only person he can make contact with, he convinces Zoe to help him put together the pieces surrounding his mysterious death so he can move on. Thrust into his world of ultra popular rich kids, Zoe is out of her element and caught in the cross-hairs of Logan's suspicious ex-girlfriend and the friends he left behind, each of whom had a reason to want him dead. The deeper they dig to find the truth, the closer Zoe gets to a killer who would do anything to protect his secrets. And that's just the start of her problems because Zoe is falling for a dead guy.
13561994	INDEPENDENCE	Fiona Frost is a senior at Godley Grove High School. She is the ambitious founder of the first federally-funded forensic training program for teens. Fiona and her team of student investigators work closely with the Godley Grove police to solve criminal cases. Fiona has proven herself to be of great help to the crime lab but hasn't had the opportunity to sleuth a murder case. That is, until now. In the first suspenseful volume of the series, Fiona's criminal investigation skills are put to test as she's thrown on her first murder case in an old mansion that is rumored to be haunted. Fiona finds herself drawn deep inside of a dark world that causes her to question her desire to one day become the world's preeminent forensic investigator. The Fiona Frost Franchise: Murder Mystery Novels, Murder Mystery Parties, and more to come! Visit Fiona's World at: www.FionaFrost.comJoin Fiona's World: Twitter: @ClubFiona.com Facebook: Fiona Frost Connect with the author: Twitter: @bonblossman Facebook: Dr. Bon Blossman
33597722	NONE	Amid the chaos of war, the Shadowhunters must decide to fight with the vampires, werewolves and other Downworlders - or against them. Meanwhile, Jace and Clary have their own decision to make: should they pursue the love they know is a mortal sin? This edition contains a map and a new foreword by Cassandra Clare. Read all the sensational books in The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Mortal Instruments, The Infernal Devices, Tales from the Shadowhunter Academy, The Bane Chronicles, The Dark Artifices, The Last Hours and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
13147460	INDEPENDENCE	Reeling from the tragic events of Dust & Decay, Benny Imura and his friends plunge deep into the zombie-infested wastelands of the great Rot & Ruin. Benny, Nix, Lilah and Chong journey through a fierce wilderness that was once America, searching for the jet they saw in the skies months ago. If that jet exists then humanity itself must have survived...somewhere. Finding it is their best hope for having a future and a life worth living.But the Ruin is far more dangerous than any of them can imagine. They are hunted by fierce animals escaped from zoos and circuses. They must raid zombie-infested towns for food and medical supplies. They discover the very real truth in the old saying: In the Rot & Ruin...everything wants to kill you.And what is happening to the zombies? Swarms of them are coming from the east, devouring everything in their paths. These zoms are different. Faster, smarter, infinitely more dangerous. Has the zombie plague mutated, or is there something far more sinister behind this new invasion of the living dead?In Flesh & Bone, Benny Imura, Nix Riley, Lou Chong and Lilah the Lost Girl are pitted against dangers greater than anything they've ever faced. To survive, each of them must rise to become the warriors Tom trained them to be.
36161967	MASTERY	In the next installment of the New York Timesbestselling Throne of Glass series, follow Chaol on his sweeping journey to a distant empire.Chaol Westfall has always defined himself by his unwavering loyalty, his strength, and his position as the Captain of the Guard. But all of that has changed since the glass castle shattered, since his men were slaughtered, since the King of Adarlan spared him from a killing blow, but left his body broken.His only shot at recovery lies with the legendary healers of the Torre Cesme in Antica--the stronghold of the southern continent's mighty empire. And with war looming over Dorian and Aelin back home, their survival might lie with Chaol and Nesryn convincing its rulers to ally with them.But what they discover in Antica will change them both--and be more vital to saving Erilea than they could have imagined.
7045961	INDEPENDENCE	The It Girl meets The Exorcist in this chilling, haunted boarding school taleNew-girl Lindsay discovers all is not right at the prestigious Marlwood Academy for Girls. Ethereal, popular Mandy and her clique are plotting something dangerous. Lindsay overhears them performing strange rituals, and sees their eyes turn black. It doesn't help that the school itself is totally eerie, with ancient, dilapidated buildings tucked into the Northern California woods, a thick white fog swirling through campus. There are hidden passageways, odd reflections in the windows at night, and scariest of all is the vast lake rumored to have captured the ghost of a girl who drowned many years ago.What Lindsay doesn't yet realize is that Mandy and her cohorts are becoming possessed by spirits who have haunted the school for two hundred years. Spirits who want someone dead...And that someone is Lindsay.
17742959	STABILITY	Sixteen-year-old Libby Tanner's art comes to life. Her painted skies turn from day to night, leaves rustle on trees, and sometimes, a mystery boy appears.While attending England's Aldridge Art Academy, Libby meets charming Brent Henderson, a performing arts student who showers her with attention. But his rival, gorgeous Dean James, is the one who occupies her mind, even though he's very much attached to his current girlfriend.Libby soon learns there's more to both Brent and Dean than she ever imagined. In order to save her future and the boy who's captured her heart, she must unlock the secrets behind her art by entering the most dangerous place of all... the world within her paintings.But once she steps into the canvas, she risks being trapped forever.
32064830	MASTERY	What isn't written, isn't remembered. Even your crimes.Nadia lives in the city of Canaan, where life is safe and structured, hemmed in by white stone walls and no memory of what came before. But every twelve years the city descends into the bloody chaos of the Forgetting, a day of no remorse, when each person's memories - of parents, children, love, life, and self - are lost. Unless they have been written.In Canaan, your book is your truth and your identity, and Nadia knows exactly who hasn't written the truth. Because Nadia is the only person in Canaan who has never forgotten.But when Nadia begins to use her memories to solve the mysteries of Canaan, she discovers truths about herself and Gray, the handsome glassblower, that will change her world forever. As the anarchy of the Forgetting approaches, Nadia and Gray must stop an unseen enemy that threatens both their city and their own existence - before the people can forget the truth. And before Gray can forget her.
412253	BELONGING	Robin Wilson wants to join Pi Beta Alpha, Sweet Valley High's highly selective sorority. She may not be beautiful or popular, but she's friendly and smart. So when Elizabeth nominates her for the sorority, Jessica is less than thrilled. She is determined to find a way to keep Robin from Pi Beta.But Elizabeth is just as determined to make Robin a sorority sister, and the twins become locked in a struggle that develops into the biggest power play at Sweet Valley High. Who will prevail? Which twin will triumph? What happens when sisters go head-to-head?
23414246	INDEPENDENCE	Mysterious doors with lizard-head knobs. Talking stone statues. A crazy girl with a hatchet. Yep, Liv's dreams have been pretty weird lately. Especially this one where she's in a graveyard at night, watching four boys perform dark magic rituals. The really weird thing is that Liv recognizes the boys in her dream. They're classmates from her new school in London, the school where's she's starting over because her mom has moved them to a new country (again). But they seem to know things about her in real life that they couldn't possibly know, which is mystifying. Then again, Liv could never resist a good mystery. . . .
17465468	MASTERY	Pia has always known her destiny. She is meant to start a new race, a line of descendants who will bring an end to death. She has been bred for no other purpose, genetically engineered to be immortal and raised by a team of scientists in a secret compound hidden deep in the Amazon rainforest. Now those scientists have begun to challenge her, with the goal of training her to carry on their dangerous work.For as long as she can remember, Pia's greatest desire has been to fulfill their expectations. But then one night she finds a hole in the impenetrable fence that surrounds her sterile home. Free in the jungle for the first time in her life, Pia meets Eio, a boy from a nearby village. Unable to resist, she continues sneaking out to see him. As they fall in love, they begin to piece together the truth about Pia's origin--a truth with nothing less than deadly consequences that will change their lives forever.Origin is a beautifully told, electric new way to look at an age-old desire: to live forever. But is eternal life worth living if you can't spend it with the one you love?
22435438	INDEPENDENCE	It's an average day in an average suburb.In an alternate universe.When 16-year-old Claude gets a pocket watch inscribed with a mysterious pattern, he doesn't think much of it. But that same afternoon his best friend Carolien gets a glimpse of a family heirloom, which bears the exact same design. What's the connection between these two antiques? That question takes on life-and-death urgency when Claude's father disappears, leaving clues that he might have invented a time machine. It's up to Claude and Carolien to find him, but first they must outmaneuver killer robots, stay ahead of the world's most powerful corporation, and confront one of the darkest episodes in human history.
16041538	INDEPENDENCE	Cas Lowood has inherited an unusual vocation: He kills the dead.So did his father before him, until he was gruesomely murdered by a ghost he sought to kill. Now, armed with his father's mysterious and deadly athame, Cas travels the country with his kitchen-witch mother and their spirit-sniffing cat. They follow legends and local lore, destroy the murderous dead, and keep pesky things like the future and friends at bay.Searching for a ghost the locals call Anna Dressed in Blood, Cas expects the usual: track, hunt, kill. What he finds instead is a girl entangled in curses and rage, a ghost like he's never faced before. She still wears the dress she wore on the day of her brutal murder in 1958: once white, now stained red and dripping with blood. Since her death, Anna has killed any and every person who has dared to step into the deserted Victorian she used to call home.Yet she spares Cas's life.
7250745	INDEPENDENCE	MATTEO ALACRaN WAS NOT BORN; HE WAS HARVESTED.His DNA came from El Patron, lord of a country called Opium -- a strip of poppy fields lying between the United States and what was once called Mexico. Matt's first cell split and divided inside a petri dish. Then he was placed in the womb of a cow, where he continued the miraculous journey from embryo to fetus to baby. He is a boy now, but most consider him a monster -- except for El Patron. El Patron loves Matt as he loves himself, because Matt is himself.As Matt struggles to understand his existence, he is threatened by a sinister cast of characters, including El Patron's power-hungry family, and he is surrounded by a dangerous army of bodyguards. Escape is the only chance Matt has to survive. But escape from the Alacran Estate is no guarantee of freedom, because Matt is marked by his difference in ways he doesn't even suspect.
21995040	MASTERY	A girl with a clockwork heart must make every second count.When Penny Farthing nearly dies, brilliant surgeon Calvin Warwick manages to implant a brass "Ticker" in her chest, transforming her into the first of the Augmented. But soon it's discovered that Warwick killed dozens of people as he strove to perfect another improved Ticker for Penny, and he's put on trial for mass murder.On the last day of Warwick's trial, the Farthings' factory is bombed, Penny's parents disappear, and Penny and her brother, Nic, receive a ransom note demanding all of their Augmentation research if they want to see their parents again. Is someone trying to destroy the Farthings...or is the motive more sinister?Desperate to reunite their family and rescue their research, Penny and her brother recruit fiery baker Violet Nesselrode, gentleman-about-town Sebastian Stirling, and Marcus Kingsley, a young army general who has his own reasons for wanting to lift the veil between this world and the next. Wagers are placed, friends are lost, romance stages an ambush, and time is running out for the girl with the clockwork heart.
13112869	STABILITY	Regret was for people with nothing to defend, people who had no water.Lynn knows every threat to her pond: drought, a snowless winter, coyotes, and, most importantly, people looking for a drink. She makes sure anyone who comes near the pond leaves thirsty, or doesn't leave at all.Confident in her own abilities, Lynn has no use for the world beyond the nearby fields and forest. Having a life means dedicating it to survival, and the constant work of gathering wood and water. Having a pond requires the fortitude to protect it, something Mother taught her well during their quiet hours on the rooftop, rifles in hand.But wisps of smoke on the horizon mean one thing: strangers. The mysterious footprints by the pond, nighttime threats, and gunshots make it all too clear Lynn has exactly what they want, and they won't stop until they get it....With evocative, spare language and incredible drama, danger, and romance, debut author Mindy McGinnis depicts one girl's journey in a barren world not so different than our own.
28185991	INDEPENDENCE	Gilmore Girlsmeets Fresh Off the Boatin this witty novel about navigating life in private school while remaining true to yourself.Lucy is a bit of a pushover, but she's ambitious and smart, and she has just received the opportunity of a lifetime: a scholarship to a prestigious school, and a ticket out of her broken-down suburb. Though she's worried she will stick out like badly cut bangs among the razor-straight students, she is soon welcomed into the Cabinet, the supremely popular trio who wield influence over classmates and teachers alike.Linh is blunt, strong-willed, and fearless--everything Lucy once loved about herself. She is also Lucy's last solid link to her life before private school, but she is growing tired of being eclipsed by the glamour of the Cabinet.As Lucy floats further away from the world she once knew, her connection to Linh--and to her old life--threatens to snap. Sharp and honest, Alice Pung's novel examines what it means to grow into the person you want to be without leaving yourself behind.
6707693	BELONGING	The Drakes are rather different to your usual neighbors. They are vampires and some of the members of the family date back to the twelfth century. One of the children, Solange, is the only born female vampire known and, as such, she poses a direct threat to the vampire queen. Her best friend Lucy is human, and when Solange is kidnapped, Lucy and Solange's brother, Nicholas, set out to save her. Lucy soon discovers that she would like to be more than just friends with Nicholas. But how does one go about dating a vampire? Meanwhile, Solange finds an unlikely ally in Kieran, a vampire slayer on the hunt for his father's killer.
17070772	MASTERY	Only he can bring what they need to survive.In the year 2250, water is scarce, and those who control it control everything. Sixteen-year-old Luca has struggled with this truth, and what it means, his entire life. As the son of the Deliverer, he will one day have to descend to the underground Aquifer each year and negotiate with the reportedly ratlike miners who harvest the world's fresh water. But he has learned the true control rests with the Council aboveground, a group that has people following without hesitation, and which has forbidden all emotion in the name of keeping the peace. This Council has broken his father's spirit, while also forcing Luca to hide every feeling that rules his heart.But when Luca's father goes missing, everything shifts. Luca is forced underground, and discovers secrets and mysteries that cause him to questions who he is and the world he serves. Together with his friends and a very alluring girl, Luca seeks to free his people and the Rats from the Council's control. But Luca's mission is not without struggle and loss, as his desire to uncover the truth could have greater consequences than he ever imagined.
590669	BELONGING	Now that Valentine's Day is just around the corner, Luna is feeling the blues. She's been longing to be with her boyfriend, David, who lives all the way across the country in Florida and who she hasn't seen in months. Sure, she and David e-mail, but that's not enough. She wants to see him.Despite her loneliness, Luna gets a reprieve when a tall, blond dreamboat washes up on her shore. His name is Sean, and like Luna he's a natural-born board rider from a family of die-hard surfers. Their chemistry is undeniable, and Luna can't remember when she's had so much fun with a guy. But when David shows up as a Valentine's Day surprise, Luna finds herself caught in the middle of a love triangle! Soon David and Sean engage in an all-out tug-of-war with her heartstrings -- leaving Luna to wonder whose heart will get broken in the end.It's all about a passion for the sport ... and life.
23735867	INDEPENDENCE	What waits Beneath?Pat O'Toole has always idolized his older brother, Coop. Coop is... different. He doesn't talk on the phone, doesn't use email, and doesn't have friends. He's never really cared for anything but the thrill of being underground, and for Pat of course. So it's no surprise to anyone that after a huge fight with their parents, Coop runs away. One year later, Pat receives a package containing a digital voice recorder and a cryptic message from his brother. He follows the clues to New York City and soon discovers that Coop has joined the Community, a society living beneath the streets. Now it's up to Pat to find his brother -- and bring him home.
15697999	MASTERY	The past few years held more surprises than part-angel Clara Gardner ever could have anticipated. Yet through the dizzying high of first love to the agonizing low of losing someone close to her, the one thing she could no longer deny was that she was never meant to have a normal life.Since discovering the special role she plays among the other angel-bloods, Clara has been determined to protect Tucker Avery from the evil that follows her . . . even if it means breaking both their hearts. Leaving town seemed like the best option, so she's headed back to California--and so is Christian Prescott, the irresistible boy from the vision that started her on this journey in the first place.As Clara makes her way in a world that is frighteningly new, she discovers that the fallen angel who attacked her is watching her every move. And he's not the only one. . . . With the battle against the Black Wings looming, Clara knows she must finally fulfil her destiny. But it won't come without sacrifices and betrayal.In the riveting finale of the Unearthly series, Clara must choose her fate once and for all.
15780961	MASTERY	"Do you trust me Meghan?"His voice was soft, almost pleading. I swallowed and tried hard to discern his expression in the dark. The paltry amount of light reaching this far into the small cavern glinted off his eyes, giving him the appearance of a demon trying to tempt me into doing something evil."Yes," I answered, my own voice a mere whisper, "I trust you.""Good."He gave my hand a quick squeeze, and then I was pulled forward into the icy abyss that loomed before us . . .A year ago, Meghan Elam learned that she was Faelorehn, a being of the Otherworld. Immortal. Now she must juggle her life in the mortal world with the one she has started to build in the Otherworld. However, keeping her identity secret from her friends and family while trying to avoid a wrathful Celtic goddess is no easy task.With the help of the intriguing Cade MacRoich, Meghan will learn that not only does she come from a place full of magic and wonder but that she, too, is far more powerful than she ever thought possible.
35704397	BELONGING	From the author of I Believe in a Thing Called Love, a laugh-out-loud story of summer love, new friendships, and one unique food truck.Clara Shin lives for pranks and disruption. When she takes one joke too far, her dad sentences her to a summer working on his food truck, the KoBra, alongside her uptight classmate Rose Carver. Not the carefree summer Clara had imagined. But maybe Rose isn't so bad. Maybe the boy named Hamlet (yes, Hamlet) crushing on her is pretty cute. Maybe Clara actually feels invested in her dad's business. What if taking this summer seriously means that Clara has to leave her old self behind? With her signature warmth and humor, Maurene Goo delivers a relatable story of falling in love and finding yourself in the places you'd never thought to look.
16102399	MASTERY	Seventeen-year-old Riley Jamison has always wondered why he could predict the future.Turns out he's not predicting it, he's changing it with his thoughts.Now he's in demand by the forces of both good and evil.Riley must now develop his talents at The Compass, a school run by The Guardians, a benevolent group committed to changing the future for the better. And since Riley's powers are off the charts, he must resist the biggest temptation.To play God.But changing the future is not without risks.... any action creates "ripples" in the timeline, which can be good or catastrophic. Riley is also confronted with a rogue Guardian who wants to manipulate the future for his own benefit... and let the ripples fall where they may.
8548772	BELONGING	Celebrating the end of exams with best friend Grace, 17-year-old Alex rescues a swan caught on a wire in the Thames mud and finds an extraordinary bracelet. Through its disturbing and compelling powers, she finds Callum, a soul locked in a half-life of sadness and mystery following a terrible accident, and his persuasive and sinister sister, Catherine. As Alex and Callum grow closer despite the enormous obstacles to their love, the dangers mount until Alex must risk everything to save Grace and Callum must risk everything to save Alex.
15834760	BELONGING	Contemporary BDSM DuologyExiled by Maya BanksEnticed to the island paradise where an enigmatic prince is living in exile, beautiful, virginal Talia is introduced to a world of forbidden pleasure where the prince's every whim is fulfilled and her fantasies are rendered in exquisite detail. But when the prince is summoned back to fulfill his duty to his struggling country, reality is thrust upon Talia all too soon. She returns home, heartbroken, convinced she was a passing fancy for an idle ruler and his most trusted men. Until the day they arrive on her doorstep, determined to have her back where she belongs.Sway by Lauren Dane. Book 1 of the Delicious seriesTaken from Ms Dane's website - SWAY will be in the CHERISHED Duology with me and Maya Banks - both our books will have a contemporary BDSM theme. It's also the start to my DELICIOUS series, the spin off from The Brown Siblings books.Levi Warner is an established, older man--wealthy, powerful, and above all, respectable. Then Levi meets Daisy, an uninhibited 24-year-old dance instructor and artist, not exactly the kind of woman Levi is accustomed to. But the young, free spirit, brings out something in him he only experienced in fantasies. When their scorching affair turns into something unexpectedly deeper, Levi finds himself torn between preserving his reputation, and exploring a wilder and much more satisfying kind of life.
13083	INDEPENDENCE	Unfortunately, Roy's first acquaintance in Florida is Dana Matherson, a well-known bully. Then again, if Dana hadn't been sinking his thumbs into Roy's temples and mashing his face against the school-bus window, Roy might never have spotted the running boy. And the running boy is intriguing: he was running away from the school bus, carried no books, and-here's the odd part-wore no shoes. Sensing a mystery, Roy sets himself on the boy's trail. The chase introduces him to potty-trained alligators, a fake-fart champion, some burrowing owls, a renegade eco-avenger, and several extremely poisonous snakes with unnaturally sparkling tails.Roy has most definitely arrived in Carl Hiaasen's Florida. "From the Hardcover edition."
2587214	BELONGING	A Stolen Life One minute Chloe Peterson was a happy, busy teen, going to school, working at a vet's office, and trying out for The Sound of Music. Then her world fell apart. It began with headaches, fever, and aching stiffness that left her weak and dizzy. Then Dad was laid off from his job. And Mom began working overtime, so they rarely saw her anymore. The doctor said Chloe's problem was stress. But the vitamins he recommended didn't work. There was never a right time to approach Mom or Dad...until she collapsed. Todd Bowers, the cute guy she met at the vet's, had seen it coming. He tried to help. She almost let herself believe they could be a couple. But when Chloe landed in the hospital, everything changed. Suddenly she was fighting for her life -- against the greatest enemy of all: herself. Who could help her now? Was Todd's feeling for her real -- or pity? Could she dare take the ultimate risk and believe that he really cares?
20759648	BELONGING	It's Alice--for the restof her life! Yes, the very last Alice book, and it reveals every last bit you'd want to know about Alice, including whether she spends the rest of her life with Patrick! "This is the book where Alice, every girl's girl, turns into every lady's lady" (VOYA).Alice McKinley is going to college! And everything, from her room to her classes to her friends, is about to change. Stoically, nervously, Alice puts her best foot forward...and steps into the rest of her life.Will Alice's dream of becoming a psychologist come true? Are she and her BFFs destined to remain BFFs? And with so many miles between them, will Alice and Patrick stay together...or break up for good? Will there be baby Alices in her future? As Alice well knows, life isn't always so predictable, and there are more than a few curveballs waiting to be thrown her way.This is it. The grand finale. Everything you've ever wanted to know about Alice McKinley will be revealed!
11880241	BELONGING	In THE GIRL NEXT DOOR, two teens are forced to make some very grown-up decisions when one of them is diagnosed with terminal cancer.Seventeen year old Samantha has been best friends with seventeen year old Jesse since she moved into the New York high-rise apartment next door to his thirteen years ago. Jesse is their school's poster child for popularity: good-looking, a star athlete, even Romeo in the school play. On opening night he collapses on stage. That's when doctors discover the unthinkable: a tumor on his spine. His type of cancer is virtually incurable - 97% of those diagnosed die within ten months.Jesse shuts down, refusing to see most of his friends. He submits to treatments of chemo and radiation, but he doesn't possess hope. Sam is the one person he'll talk to. He convinces his mom to let her sleep in another bed in his room, saying he's afraid to die alone.That's when Jess and Sam make a startling, bittersweet discovery: they've been in love all along.THE GIRL NEXT DOOR addresses the universal question: In an unpredictable world, how can we possibly feel safe?
19196308	NONE	"I am surrounded by people but I've never felt so alone. Every minute, every hour that Tony is being used by Zack, is torture to me. Can they not see that I die a little more each day that we're apart?" ~Willow Mosby, Surviving ELEIn the aftermath of Project ELE, Willow's life has become a series of one traumatic moment after another. It spins around her in a cyclone of fury, ripping and ravaging her heart. She can't help but wonder: will the pain and heartache ever end?Willow Mosby is not one to sit back and accept defeat. When Zack turns Tony against her, she decides that it's time to stop Zack once and for all. With the help of her friends and the occupants of Camp Cheley, she begins methodically hunting down the man who has caused her so much torment. What she doesn't realize is that she may not be the hunter, she might just be the prey.Willow's time is running out and the man she loves is coming after her with a vengeance that can't be satisfied. Will Willow be able to save Tony? Or will she be forced to take down the man she loves?From the authors of Project ELE comes Surviving ELE. The fourth book in an all-new apocalyptic series with a paranormal twist: The ELE Series.
25937800	NONE	You only live once--unless you're Denton Little!This amazingly funny YA novel is for fans of John Green, Andrew Smith, and Matthew QuickThe good news: Denton Little has lived through his deathdate. Yay! The bad news: He's being chased by the DIA (Death Investigation Agency), he can never see his family again, and he may now die any time. Huh. Cheating death isn't quite as awesome as Denton would have thought...Lance Rubin's debut novel, Denton Little's Deathdate, showed readers just how funny and poignant imminent death could be. Now in this sequel, he takes on the big questions about life. How do we cope, knowing we could die at any time? Would you save someone from dying even if they were a horrible person? Is it wrong to kiss the girl your best friend is crushing on if she's really into you instead? What if she's wearing bacon lip gloss?Praise for Denton Little's Deathdate:"Rubin is really funny but like John Green, he manages to be poignant at the same time. You'll laugh out loud while you read this, but you're probably going to tear up a bit too." --Bustle"The dialogue is witty and raunchy, the plot is uniquely twisted, and the ending is to die for. Buy multiple copies because this book will fly off the shelves."--VOYA"Denton Little's Deathdate is hilarious, thought-provoking, irreverent, unforgettable. . . . " --Catherine Gilbert Murdock, author of Dairy Queen"Highly original, fantastically entertaining, and laugh-out-loud funny, Denton Little's Deathdateis a wild romp through a night like no other." --Jennifer E. Smith, author of The Geography of You and Me"Let's all pray the grim reaper is even half as witty (and wise) as the deadly talented Lance Rubin. Till then: skip this book at your own peril." --Tim Federle, author of Better Nate than Ever
22608484	BELONGING	Fan-favorite author Bree Despain continues her modern-day romance trilogy inspired by the Greek myth of Persephone and Hades with this second book in her Into the Dark series.Haden Lord, the disgraced Prince of the Underrealm, has chosen love over honor and will do everything in his power to protect Daphne Raines, the human girl he was supposed to bring to the Underrealm. Haden's choice is put to the test as the Skylords and a figure from his past arrive in Olympus Hills with a plan that could destroy all of the realms.Embracing her destiny as the Cypher, Daphne begins to understand the immense power of her musical ability to control the elements, but she must come to terms with her feelings for Haden and what she must sacrifice in order to protect him and her friends.Believing the Key of Hades is the only thing that can stop the Underrealm Court from releasing the monstrous Keres on the mortal world, Haden, Daphne, and their friends set out to find the Key before Persephone's Gate opens again on the spring equinox.
21268459	STABILITY	Stranded 225 million kilometers from home on Mars Station, cousins Jake O'Brien and Lorina Murphy are drawn into a fledgling effort to help the hundreds of abandoned street children who call the station home. Jake becomes a medical apprentice in an outreach clinic, while Lorina volunteers at a juvenile shelter. They soon discover that their efforts may be in vain because something much more serious than poverty plaques Mars Station.Also stranded on Mars Station, ship's captain Danae Shepherd faces the difficult task of hiring replacement crew after an alien virus claims the lives of four in her employ, including her husband. She stumbles upon the same problem that has Jake and Lorina stumped: why are the homeless children disappearing without a trace?
24622526	INDEPENDENCE	In four hours, Shelby Jane Cooper will be struck by a car.Shortly after, she and her mother will leave the hospital and set out on a winding journey toward the Grand Canyon.All Shelby knows is that they're running from dangers only her mother understands. And the further they travel, the more Shelby questions everything about her past--and her current reality. Forced to take advantage of the kindness of unsuspecting travelers, Shelby grapples with what's real, what isn't, and who she can trust . . . if anybody.Award-winning author Nick Lake proves his skills as a master storyteller in this heart-pounding new novel. This emotionally charged thrill ride leads to a shocking ending that will have readers flipping back to the beginning.
8459599	NONE	Justine Larbalestier says that zombies are our own walking deaths. Funny, grim, and terrifying, they cannot be escaped. Unicorns are sparkly and pastel and fart rainbows.Holly Black says that unicorns are healers, arbiters of justice, and, occasionally, majestic man-killers. Zombies drool and shed and probably carry diseases.Some of today's finest writers have chosen their side, creating dazzling stories about both creatures. So listen on, and decide for yourself:Are you Team Zombie or Team Unicorn?Team Unicorn: edited by Holly BlackFeaturing authors Kathleen Duey, Meg Cabot, Garth Nix, Margo Lanagan, Naomi Novik, and Diana PeterfreundTeam Zombie: edited by Justine LarbalestierFeaturing authors Libba Bray, Alaya Dawn Johnson, Cassandra Clare, Maureen Johnson, Carrie Ryan, and Scott Westerfeld
13562547	STABILITY	Seventeen year old Katelyn Richards is a stronger person than anyone will ever know, and that is just the way she wants it. Behind her normal facade lies the reality of a broken home life. Thanks to her abusive mother, a string of deadbeat stepfathers, and an unsympathetic system, Katelyn has learned that the only one she can count on is herself. Her life's mission has become to shield her nine year old brother, Kevin, and to give him the future that they both wish for. A life with no more abuse, no worries about where their next meal will come from, and no more wondering if they will have a roof over their heads.When her mother moves them again, this time to a small town in Montana, Katelyn's resolve is shaken when she meets Max, a cute boy from her new school, who gets a glimpse into her real world. Max slowly manages to break through Katelyn's wall of distrust, stirring up feelings she never saw coming. Now with her world more complicated than she ever intended, Katelyn struggles with the decision to follow her heart into the arms of the first boy she has ever loved. A decision that could risk the promise she made to protect Kevin, and to give them the 'someday soon' that is so close within their grasp.
20736580	BELONGING	Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon knows exactly what he wants to do with his life--play video games. Every spare minute is devoted to honing his skills at Starfare, the world's most popular computer game. His goal: South Korea, where the top pros are rich and famous. But the best players train all day, while Seth has school and a job and divorced parents who agree on only one thing: "Get off that damn computer." Plus there's a new distraction named Hannah, an aspiring photographer who actually seems to understand his obsession.While Seth mopes about his tournament results and mixed signals from Hannah, Team Anaconda, one of the leading Korean pro squads, sees something special. Before he knows it, it's goodbye Kansas, goodbye Hannah, and hello to the strange new world of Korea. But the reality is more complicated than the fantasy, as he faces cultural shock, disgruntled teammates, and giant pots of sour-smelling kimchi.What happens next surprises Seth. Slowly, he comes to make new friends, and discovers what might be a breakthrough, mathematical solution to the challenges of Starcraft. Delving deeper into the formulas takes him in an unexpected direction, one that might just give him a new focus--and reunite him with Hannah.
3332202	BELONGING	The sixth book in The Good Girlzseries from national bestselling author ReShonda Tate BillingsleyIt's for real - Jasmine's in love! She never thought she'd be boy-crazy like her girlfriends Camille, Alexis, and Angel, but now Jasmine and football star C.J. Taylor are inseparable - they've even been voted the school's cutest couple. And with love in the air, everything seems to be going right: Jasmine's mom has allowed her and C.J. to go out on dates, and even her relationship with her brother Jaquan has improved. Maybe love is contagious!But Jasmine's happiness is shattered when a neighborhood gang begins harassing Jaquan - and trouble quickly escalates to tragedy. With C.J. and his family caught in the crossfire of lies and violence, Jasmine will have to hold on tighter than ever to her faith, to the friends who have never let her down... and to the belief that love truly does conquer all.
22801985	INDEPENDENCE	"One life will make the difference." Macey Holsinger has heard that promise for as long as she can remember. But it hasn't saved anyone yet, not even her little brother. Little is known about the disease, except that it's a rapid and absolute killer. Countless lives have been claimed in the last hundred years, and government scientists are working hard to stop the spread through human experimentation. Testing has killed nearly as many people as the disease and, to Macey at least, it seems like they're no closer to a cure. At sixteen, conformity to the government's idea of "sacrifice for the greater good" is a difficult concept for Macey. Shocked by how many aspects of life the disease controls, she faces her own testing reluctantly. Macey feels alone as questions plague her about things that are simply a way of life for most. Questions no one else thinks to ask. Why is the quest for a cure reason enough to ban things like flags and freedom of expression? How can death be justified with more death? In the end, how much will the cure cost, and why is Macey the only one who thinks the price is too high? Answers evade her until she's left with only one question... How much will she sacrifice in the name of the cure?
18712561	BELONGING	For sixteen-year-old Charlotte Reynolds, aka Charlie, being raised by a single dad and three older brothers has its perks. She can outrun, outscore, and outwit every boy she knows--including her longtime neighbor and honorary fourth brother, Braden. But when it comes to being a girl, Charlie doesn't know the first thing about anything. So when she starts working at chichi boutique to pay off a speeding ticket, she finds herself in a strange new world of makeup, lacy skirts, and BeDazzlers. Even stranger, she's spending time with a boy who has never seen her tear it up in a pickup game.To cope with the stress of faking her way through this new reality, Charlie seeks late-night refuge in her backyard, talking out her problems with Braden by the fence that separates them. But their Fence Chats can't solve Charlie's biggest problem: she's falling for Braden. Hard. She knows what it means to go for the win, but if spilling her secret means losing him for good, the stakes just got too high.
33571212	STABILITY	An uplifting story about role models, football, and tackling fear set in the heart of Friday Night Lights country--from the bestselling author of Heat, Travel Team, and Fantasy League.Clay is a quarterback's dream. When he zips across the field, arms outstretched, waiting for the ball to sail into his hands, there's no denying him the catch. Like most Texans, Clay is never more at home than when playing football. And his coach, a former star player for the Dallas Cowboys, is just like a second father.But as the football season kicks off, Clay begins to notice some odd behavior from his coach--lapses in his memory and strange mood swings. The conclusion is painful, but obvious: Coach Cooper is showing side effects of the many concussions he sustained during his playing days. As Clay's season wears on, it becomes clear that the real victory will be to help his coach walk onto that famous star logo in the middle of Cowboys Field one last time--during a Thanksgiving day ceremony honoring him and his former Super Bowl-winning teammates.In Lone Stars, #1 New York Timesbestseller Mike Lupica demonstrates once again that there is no children's sports novelist today who can match his ability to weave a story of vivid sports action and heartfelt emotion. A touching story that proves life is bigger than a game.Praise for Lone Stars"Lupica has crafted another fine sports story for the middle school reader."--VOYA
18730914	BELONGING	Braving the start of high school, longtime childhood friends Benjamin Wells and Timmy Norton quickly realize they are entering a whole new world colored by their family responsibilities. Ben is trying to please his strict father; Timmy is taking care of his younger sisters. While their easy camaraderie is still comfortable, Ben notices Timmy growing distant and evasive, but Ben has his own problems. It's easier to let concerns about Timmy's home life slide, especially when Timmy changes directions and starts to get a little too close. Ben doesn't know how to handle the new feelings Timmy's desire for love inspires, and his continuing denial wounds Timmy deeply.But what Timmy perceives as Ben's greatest betrayal is yet to come, and the fallout threatens to break them apart forever. Over the next four years, the push and pull between them and the outside world twists and tears at Ben and Timmy, and they are haunted by fear and regret. However, sometimes what seems broken is just a little bent, and if they can find forgiveness within themselves, Ben and Timmy may be able to move forward together.
20801708	MASTERY	In this truly shocking, grotesquely original coming-of-age, end-of-the-world novel, sixteen-year-old Austin Szerba interweaves the legacy of his family's history in Poland and immigration to the United States while narrating the story of how he and his best friend brought about the end of humanity and the rise of an army of unstoppable, human-sized (six-foot-tall) praying mantises in small-town Iowa.To make matters worse, Austin's hormones are totally oblivious; they don't care that the world is in utter chaos: Austin is in love with his girlfriend, Shann, but remains confused about his sexual orientation, stewing in a self-professed constant state of maximum horniness, directed at both Robby and Shann. Ultimately, it's up to Austin to save the world and propagate the species in this sci-fright journey of survival, sex, and the complex realities of the human condition.
17975249	BELONGING	Crushing on your straight best friend will make any normally outgoing high school football player withdraw from his friends. Unrequited love can do that to you. But when Dwight Varley's mom dies, he's also left with a burden of guilt he finds difficult to shake. To make matters worse, Dwight must cope with his distant, grieving father, who spirals into depression.Playing it straight helps Dwight save face temporarily, but living a lie tears his insides apart. Tell his dad.... Don't tell his dad.... Some choices seem too hard to make. Besides, what if coming out sends his dad over the edge?A Bittersweet Dreams title: It's an unfortunate truth: love doesn't always conquer all. Regardless of its strength, sometimes fate intervenes, tragedy strikes, or forces conspire against it. These stories of romance do not offer a traditional happy ending, but the strong and enduring love will still touch your heart and maybe move you to tears.
34746732	BELONGING	Indy Zimmerman has a new stalker who won't leave her alone, no matter what she says to him. Never mind the fact that he's one of the most popular guys at school--she's positive Bryant Bailey is only trying to appease his own conscience after pretty much destroying her life. But when Bryant doesn't back down and insists on having some sort of bizarre friendship with her, his magic works, and her walls slowly start to crumble. He's not her type. She's never been into guys like Bryant, but then again, she's never really known anyone quite as stubborn, or caring, or who can get her to confess stuff she wouldn't even tell her best friend."This is a Cinderella retelling unlike any you've ever read. Get ready to laugh and cry along with Indy as she discovers who she is and what she's worth." - Tristi Pinkston, author of Take My Advice
10699108	INDEPENDENCE	Los AngelesFebruary 23rdSixteen year old Rebecca Robinson is the sole survivor of the Australian Apocalypse. The death toll is at an estimated 22 million. The entire world wants to know what happened down there and since the military aren't talking, everyone is looking to Rebecca for answers.Sydney, Australia3 Weeks EarlierA deadly new virus is spreading through an immigration detention centre in the outback. It is 100% lethal. There is no cure. As a precaution the Australian Government has ordered a nationwide quarantine. No one is allowed to leave the country. No one is allowed to enter. School across the country has been canceled.Despite these warning signs Rebecca and her friends are in the mood to celebrate their extended summer vacation, blissfully unaware of the dangers that are coming their way.Over the next few days, things go from bad to worse as the virus begins to spread throughout Australia, killing anyone infected and turning them into ferocious undead monsters. Worse, the military have been ordered to contain the spread of infection and to cover up all trace of the outbreak by any means necessary. Mass panic and hysteria grip the population as the plague reaches the outskirts of Sydney.Rebecca and her friends realise that it's no longer safe to simply go home and lock the door. They need to make a run for it. They need to escape from Australia.
25418989	INDEPENDENCE	A Mysterious Letter.A Deadly Discovery.A World Like Nothing You've Ever Seen.All Daisy Darling wanted was to be a writer. What she got was more than she bargained for. As it turns out, the quaint little town of Sea Salt, California houses more than adorable cottages and huge redwood trees. Beneath the coastal charm rests a strange world where wizards, fairies, time-altering portals, and dark magic looms.A world where memories can be your greatest currency--and weapon.A world where you can never reclaim what's been taken from you.After stumbling into the mysterious world, Daisy's memories begin to rapidly disintegrate, but she doesn't even know she's losing them. As if things couldn't get any worse, Daisy learns she is the only one who can save herself.Daisy's very identity is at stake, but the odds aren't in her favor. Can she discover the secret to win back her freedom before it's too late?"Strange Luck takes you headfirst into an adventure that feels a bit like THE NEVERENDING STORY and ALICE IN WONDERLAND. It's a beautiful book that made me smile and often surprised me with so many wonderful premises."-J.D. Estrada, author of Only Human" A blend of ALICE IN WONDERLAND meets NARNIA in this delightful read.You'll be wondering what is real and what isn't. This has everything you would want in a fantasy book and more." - J.E. Plemons, author of the Last Light Falling series"Welcome to a world of magical dreams, curious claims and the spellbinding writing of Amie Irene Winters." -Tome Tender Book Review"An amazing work of art." -Online Book Club
568635	BELONGING	True love needs no disguise. Kaitlyn Nichols craves a little mystery and mayhem in her life. Having a secret agent for a father should do the trick, but unfortunately Dad is no 007, and danger is nowhere on the horizon.But all that changes when Mr. Nichols brings home Blaine, a seventeen-year-old hottie who's about to enter the Witness Protection Program. Suddenly Kaitlyn's in the perilous position of protecting the cutest guy she's ever met!When Dad enrolls Blaine in her high school, it's up to Kait to detect the girls who want him...and the guys who want him dead. Meanwhile, Kait's about to discover that there's one little thing she can't protect -- her heart.
20643694	MASTERY	Alternate cover for B00HSCZ8Y6***Mature Content Advisory. Frequent Use of Strong Language Beyond This Point.***Natasha "Tash" Bohner just turned eighteen. Theoretically, that should mean escaping from trailer park purgatory--and her less than stellar relationship with her widowed mother--and running away to Los Angeles with her anorexic best friend, Margot. But as we all know, life is known for taking some very shitty, unexpected turns. Already the scourge of the Guthrie High gossip mill, Tash's undesirable reputation explodes into infamy when she assaults the captain of the wrestling team. (Despite the fact that he deserved it,) the principal tells her that she's on her last strike.Again, see: above. Re: shit happens. When Margot's will to live is finally severed by the leader of the Guthrie Bitch Squad, Tash vows to get revenge on the most popular girl in school--no matter what it takes. Because of a promise she made to her favorite teacher (to not get expelled), Tash is forced to get creative. She realizes she's going to have to beat the popularity-obsessed Becca Foster at her own game, by running against her for prom queen. And winning.In order to succeed, Tash will have to do the unthinkable: she'll have to join student government, pretend to be well-adjusted, and actually try in school. Also, she'll have to quit swearing so goddamn much.It's like a fucking Cinderella story up in here. Only, it's high school. So there aren't any happy endings. (Just beginnings.)PROMISCUOUS is a novel of "mature YA" / New Adult contemporary hard knocks, with a little bit of romance and a dark, yet FAR too relatable twist.
17158073	BELONGING	When Evan Lennox meets Winchester Youngblood . . .Evan Lennox is going nowhere fast.She's living with her grandparents after her parents bailed on her, she got kicked out of her posh private school, and her ex-boyfriend turned out to be a total sleaze. To top it all off, one teeny, tiny fire she lit to burn some memories of her ex goes out of control and lands Evan's pampered behind in court. She's sentenced to community service and dreading it.Until she meets Winchester Youngblood on the site.Everything about him is tricky, not what it seems, and so sexy, Evan can't resist pulling closer. But every step she takes to get to know him gives her more of a reason to back up. Because Winch is one hundred percent complicated, and Evan isn't looking for that. At all. She needs to meet a nice, responsible guy, not share searing kisses with the charming bad boy she met in court.But Winch is so much more than what he seems, and Evan finds out that she's falling hard for the guy everyone underestimates and writes off. And Winch realizes that Evan is the one person who's ever challenged him to ask for more out of his life. With the odds stacked against them, Evan and Winch need to find out whether they have what it takes to fall for each other.
721003	INDEPENDENCE	The only thing you'll find on the summit of Mount Everest is a divine view. The things that really matter lie far below. - Peak MarcelloAfter fourteen-year-old Peak Marcello is arrested for scaling a New York City skyscraper, he's left with two choices: wither away in Juvenile Detention or go live with his long-lost father, who runs a climbing company in Thailand. But Peak quickly learns that his father's renewed interest in him has strings attached. Bigstrings. As owner of Peak Expeditions, he wants his son to be the youngest person to reach the Everest summit--and his motives are selfish at best. Even so, for a climbing addict like Peak, tackling Everest is the challenge of a lifetime. But it's also one that could cost him his life.Roland Smith has created an action-packed adventure about friendship, sacrifice, family, and the drive to take on Everest, despite the incredible risk. The story of Peak's dangerous ascent--told in his own words--is suspenseful, immediate, and impossible to put down.
9620044	BELONGING	Leah thinks her battle with cancer is over. Then her beloved stepfather, Neil, reveals that he has been in remission but now is ill again. Leah seeks comfort in a visit to Amish country to see her boyfriend Ethan, whom she met while in the hospital for treatment. But Ethan is changing. He chooses to leave the family farm and stay with Leah's family. Ethan's simple Amish values collide with Leah's complex "English" world. Will the love they share help or hurt Leah as she faces the challenges ahead?
16130918	MASTERY	Max Sanchez is the "it" kid at Port Fare High. He's the star of the baseball team, he's dating head cheerleader Emma McKay, and he has a throng of wonderful, supportive friends.JD Miller is the school's punching bag, verbally and emotionally. He has a loving mother, but her choice in boyfriends is questionable, leaving him a target at home as well as school.A tragic car accident ends it all for Max when his soul is prematurely removed from his body. The powers that be have asked him to go back to earth temporarily to help classmate JD. Max, always up for a challenge, takes it as a chance to see his beloved Emma again and quickly jumps at what he views as the easy task of helping JD. Max knows with a little cardio he can easily whip the guy into shape, ending all his troubles.While staying mentally connected to JD, Max's soul steps into JD's body. However, Max's reality is shattered as he enters a world void of love and hope: JD's world--life as the bullied kid.Will he survive? Will JD? Did Emma's love for Max die also? Will Max be able to help these Souls in Peril, or is it all as hopeless as JD believes?
16124110	MASTERY	Seventeen-year-old Lilith Lane has a hunk of a boyfriend, a wicked tongue, and a talent for solving the mysteries that pop up in her small home town of Mirabalis. But when her little sister goes missing in the middle of the night, both Lilith's detective skills and her recall of sophomore year physics are put to the ultimate test.To save her sister, Lilith must race against the clock with the help of Dr. Hammer, a mad scientist who pushes Lilith off the edge - literally - of his reality-bending skyscraper. Lilith's world is turned upside down by her sister's disappearance, and a skyscraper that is also a portal to a parallel universe suddenly doesn't seem that surreal. With Dr. Hammer's help, Lilith must put her girl detective skills to the test and try to save her sister.A dashing snail expert, a scheming beauty queen, and the heir to a great advertising fortune are just a few of the unforgettable characters who round out the cast in this rollicking tale of love, loyalty, and multiple Earths.Note: This book was initially released in episodes as a Kindle Serial. All episodes are now available as a complete book.
13418583	NONE	When Tomas was six, someone -- something-- tried to drown him. And burn him to a crisp. Tomas survived, but whatever was trying to kill him freaked out his parents enough to convince them to move from Slovakia to the United States.Now sixteen-year-old Tomas and his family are back in Slovakia, and that somethingstill lurks somewhere. Nearby. It wants to drown him again and put his soul in a teacup. And that's not all. There's also the fire vila, the water ghost, pitchfork-happy city folk, and Death herself who are after him.If Tomas wants to survive, he'll have to embrace the meaning behind the Slovak proverb, So smrtou este nik zmluvu neurobil. With Death, nobody makes a pact.
10441563	MASTERY	Awkward in his own skin, shy around girls and worried about anything and everything, Jason Evans is just like a million other teenage boys in high school, with one very large exception: he has been given a gift that allows him to jump through time. A set of stones has fallen into his lap that gives him access to any place - and any time - that he chooses.But along with that gift comes the responsibility of stopping the man who is using those very stones to travel through time and change history for his own purposes. A man who is now holding Jason's grandfather hostage, and threatening the world's very existence. Jumping through time with his best friend and body guard, Jason must enter the world of Medieval England, learn its customs, navigate unimaginable danger, and help Henry VII win the Battle of Bosworth, in the name of finding his grandfather, rescuing a beautiful girl from the clutches of a corrupt church, and destroying the one man who pledges to turn history inside out.
17608589	INDEPENDENCE	"I found out two things today: One, I think I'm dying. And two, my brother is a perv."So begins the diary of 14-year-old Jenna Samuels, who is having a very bad eighth-grade year. Her single mother spends all day in bed. Dad vanished when she was eight. Her sixteen-year-old brother, Casey, tries to hold together what's left of the family by working two after-school jobs--difficult, as he's stoned all the time. To make matters worse, Jenna is sick. When she collapses one day, Casey tries to race her to the hospital in their beat-up Prius and crashes instead.Jenna wakes up in the ER to find Casey beside her. Beatified. Literally. The flab and zits? Gone. Before long, Jenna figures out that Casey didn't survive the accident at all. He's an "A-word." (She can't bring herself to utter the truth.) Soon they discover that Jenna isn't just dying; she's being poisoned. And Casey has been sent back to help solve the mystery that not only holds the key to her survival, but also to their mother's mysterious depression and father's disappearance.
34668461	INDEPENDENCE	In life, there are no do-overs...Seventeen-year-old Tara Riddle has always had a bit of a gypsy soul, so when she comes face-to-face with a life-altering decision, her first instinct is to run. The problem: The situation she's in isn't something she can run from. She has to face reality, which means there are no take-backs, rewinds, or do-overs.Quentin McPherson has been in love with Tara since as far back as he can remember. He would do anything for her, go anywhere, he'd even runaway with her when it seems like the last thing they should do.Together, Tara and Quentin will go on a raw and emotional journey of self-discovery that pushes them toward the most difficult choice they'll ever have to make.This is a STANDALONE Young Adult Contemporary Romance.
416271	BELONGING	A dangerous game...Jessica Wakefield is crushed. It turns out her new love, Professor Louis Miles, is married - and his wife is out for blood. Will Jessica's bittersweet romance end in tragedy?Elizabeth Wakefield and Todd Wilkins are running out of time. If they can't expose the conspiracy that's tearing Sweet Valley University apart, they may not live to see another day.Winston Egbert in the army? Now that Winston's been caught cheating, his father is teaching him a lesson - by sending him to boot camp!Lila Fowler and Bruce Patman defied their parents and moved in together. Now they're sleeping under a leaky roof, on a sagging bed, with only roaches for company. Who ever said that poverty was romantic?
22087268	MASTERY	The exhilaratingly seductive new series from the author of the bestselling Starcrossed seriesLove burns. Worlds collide. Magic reigns.This world is trying to kill Lily Proctor. Her life-threatening allergies keep her from enjoying many of the experiences that other teenagers take for granted...which is why she is determined to enjoy her first (and perhaps only) high-school party. But Lily's life never goes according to plan, and after a humiliating incident in front of half her graduating class Lily wishes she could just disappear.Suddenly Lily is in a different Salem - one overrun with horrifying creatures and ruled by powerful women called Crucibles. Strongest and cruellest of all the Crucibles is Lillian . . . Lily's identical other self in this alternate universe. This new version of her world is terrifyingly sensual, and Lily is soon overwhelmed by new experiences.Lily realizes that what makes her weak at home is exactly what makes her extraordinary in New Salem. It also puts her life in danger. Thrown into a world she doesn't understand, Lily is torn between responsibilities she can't hope to shoulder alone, and a love she never expected.But how can Lily be the saviour of this world when she is literally her own worst enemy?
106489	MASTERY	In a faraway kingdom, a king has been betrayed. Deeply hurt and bitterly angry, he vows never to be deceived again. Unfortunately, the king's plan to protect himself will endanger all of the realm's young women, unless one of them will volunteer to marry the king - and surrender her life.To everyone's relief and horror, one young woman steps forward. The daughter of a legendary storyteller, Shahrazad believes it is her destiny to accept this risk and sacrifice herself.On the night of her wedding to the king, Shahrazad begins to weave a tale. Fascinated, the king lets her live night after night. Just when Shahrazad dares to believe that she has found a way to keep her life and an unexpected love - a treacherous plot will disrupt her plan. Now she can only hope that love is strong enough to save her.
19009876	BELONGING	From Sarah Strohmeyer, author of Smart Girls Get What They Want, comes this romantic comedy about one girl's summer job from hell. Think The Devil Wears Prada set in Disney World.When cousins Zoe and Jess land summer internships at the Fairyland Kingdom theme park, they are sure they've hit the jackpot. With perks like hot Abercrombie-like Prince Charmings and a chance to win the coveted $25,000 Dream & Do grant, what more could a girl want?Once Zoe arrives, however, she's assigned to serve "The Queen"-Fairyland's boss from hell. From spoon-feeding her evil lapdog caviar, to fetching midnight sleeping tonics, Zoe fears she might not have what it takes to survive the summer, much less win the money.Soon backstabbing interns, a runaway Cinderella, and cutthroat competition make Zoe's job more like a nightmare than a fairy tale. What will happen when Zoe is forced to choose between serving The Queen and saving the prince of her dreams?
22090219	BELONGING	From a breakthrough voice in YA fiction comes a captivating digital-original 50-page short story starring a supporting character from the novel You Look Different in Real Life.The premise was simple: Five kids living their real lives, with a new movie about them every five years. But that was before Keira's mother walked out and the cameras captured every heartbreaking detail for the world to see. Now Keira doesn't even know what "real life" means--she only knows how to pretend to be herself.Then she meets Garrett on a bus to New York City. At first, Keira creates a fictional identity and enjoys the freedom of being someone totally different. But as their brief connection turns into something more, Keira starts to see what life could be like if she just stopped pretending and accepted the person she really is.Jennifer Castle's pitch-perfect teen voices and sharp insights--together with a teaser to You Look Different in Real Life--make this story a must-read, especially for fans of Sarah Dessen.HarperTeen Impulse is a digital imprint focused on young adult short stories and novellas, with new releases the first Tuesday of each month.
16104184	MASTERY	Premise of the series:Sixteen-year-old Decca Tenderstone lives in a dystopian future Los Angeles, where every sixteen-year-old is ranked on a scale from One to Ten to determine their future. Teens ranked less than Five are called Monsters and are considered a danger to society. They are forced to attend the Monster Show- a brutal, sacrificial ritual that is broadcast worldwide on live TV. IF you can survive the Monster Show, you become a Ten. That's a big IF- no one has ever become a Ten.In this Episode:Will Decca, Leo, and the rest survive the Breathing Dome? Is Woo Alive? What does the Summit have in store for the Monsters? And what is the Wheel of Fortune? Who will Decca have to kill in order to save the others?
11113810	INDEPENDENCE	In many ways, Natalie O'Reilly is a typical fourteen-year-old girl. But a routine visit to the eye doctor produces devastating news: Natalie will lose her sight within a few short months.Suddenly her world is turned upside down. Natalie is sent to a school for the blind to learn skills such as Braille and how to use a cane. Outwardly, she does as she's told; inwardly, she hopes for a miracle that will free her from a dreaded life of blindness.But the miracle does not come, and Natalie ultimately must confront every blind person's dilemma. Will she go home to live scared? Or will she embrace the skills she needs to make it in a world without sight?
12812539	MASTERY	I'm dying, I thought. This was unexpected and not at all how I envisioned my death. I was supposed to die gardening in a flowerbed as a hundred-year-old woman, not as a seventeen-year-old trapped in a lake beneath inches of ice.Llona Reese is used to living on the run. After the Vykens killed her parents, she knew they would eventually come for her too. She can't take any chances. But when she starts to make friends for the first time in her life, she gets careless and lets her guard down. Big mistake.As an Aura, Llona can manipulate light and harness its energy. But if she wants to survive, Llona will have to defy the Auran Council and learn to use her power as a weapon against the Vyken whose sole desire is to take her light. Now she's caught in something even bigger than she can understand, with a power she can't wield, and no one she can trust, except, just maybe, a mysterious stranger.In this breathtaking and romantic adventure, Rachel McClellan delivers a truly mesmerizing story that will keep you guessing to the very end.
28871198	BELONGING	Dating isn't easy when you're in the middle of a blood feud.Anastasia Vila's family can turn into swans, but just once she'd like them to turn into responsible adults.After hundreds of years, they still cling to the blood feud with the Renard family. No one remembers how it started in the first place--but foxes and swans just don't get along.Vilas can only transform into their swan shape after they have fallen in love for the first time, but between balancing schoolwork, family obligations, and the escalating blood feud, Ana's got no time for love. The only thing keeping her sane is her best friend, Pierce Kent.But when Pierce kisses Ana, everything changes.Is what Pierce feels for her real, or a byproduct of her magic? Can she risk everything for her best friend? And when the family feud spirals out of control, Ana must stop the fight before it takes away everything she loves.Including, maybe...Pierce.This Entangled Teen Crave book contains language, violence, and lots of kissing. Warning: it might induce strong feelings of undeniable attraction for your best friend.
18944840	INDEPENDENCE	I had every reason to hate her, my forbidden sister. She was like someone who had died but wouldn't stay buried . . .Emmie Wilcox was only six when her older sister, Roxy, was thrown out of their New York City apartment. Their stern father's military-style rules left no room for rebellion, and Roxy was as defiant as Emmie-now an outstanding student at a private school-is compliant: a perfect daughter, une fille parfaite, as her Parisian-born mother lovingly calls her.Two sisters, total opposites-yet Emmie is secretly obsessed with the mystery surrounding Roxy: What had she done? Where is she now? And is there a hidden side to Emmie that resembles Roxy's spiteful nature? Knowing only that Roxy is a highly paid escort to the city's wealthiest men, Emmie goes behind her father's back to track down the sister she fears, despises, and inexplicably clings to . . . and whose influence might run deeper than Emmie ever imagined.
17238956	BELONGING	One superior smirk from Michael Endicott convinces sixteen-year-old Georgia Barrett that the Devil wears Polo. His family may have founded the postcard-perfect New England town they live in, but Georgia's not impressed. Even if he is smart, good looking, and can return Georgia's barbs as deftly as he returns serves on his family's tennis courts. After all, if Michael actually thinks she refuses to participate in lab dissections just to mess with his grade, he's a little too sure that he's the center of the universe. Could there be more to Michael Endicott than smirks and sarcasm? If Georgia can cut the snark long enough, she just might find out.Snark and Circumstance is the first title in the Snark and Circumstance series of young adult romance novellas from Stephanie Wardrop. First title available 2.5.13.
33549983	INDEPENDENCE	Nick and Allie don't survive the car accident...but their souls don't exactly get where they're supposed to get either. Instead, they're caught halfway between life and death, in a sort of limbo known as Everlost: a shadow of the living world, filled with all the things and places that no longer exist. It's a magical yet dangerous place where bands of lost children run wild and anyone who stands in the same place too long sinks to the center of the Earth.When they find Mary, the self-proclaimed queen of lost kids, Nick feels like he's found a home. But Allie isn't satisfied spending eternity between worlds. Against all warnings, Allie begins learning the "Criminal Art" of haunting and ventures into dangerous territory, where a monster called the McGill threatens all the souls of Everlost.In this imaginative novel, Neal Shusterman explores questions of life, death, and what just might lie in between.
13147099	INDEPENDENCE	NO ONE IS GOING TO BELIEVE ME. But I know I did it. I was there. If she's real--and I know she is--I just have to prove it. Go there again and this time bring something back. Like a strand of her hair or a piece of her fingernail. SOMETHING WITH HER DNA ON IT. TO PROVE THAT SHE IS ME. High school senior and amateur physicist Audie Masters has discovered what no other physicist has been able to prove: that parallel universes do exist, and there is a way to journey into them. She also discovers something else: a parallel version of herself, living the kind of life Audie never could have imagined for herself. Now Audie is living that life, too, full of adventure, romance, and reality-bending science. It's all more than she could have hoped for--until something goes wrong.
21840882	BELONGING	A Harmony Ink Press Young Adult TitleWith time ticking until graduation, Ellis Carter doesn't have a plan for after high school. Since his best friend Cary dropped out, he has no one to talk to. All he knows is he doesn't want to continue being a burden to his mother. Adding to his daily torture is the school's new resident bad boy, Saul Brooks. So to say he's amazed when the mysterious Saul invites him to the gym for a workout is an understatement. Soon, they go from workout buddies to boyfriends, and Ellis couldn't be happier. But happiness is fleeting. His mother begins a new relationship he thinks will lead to pain, and Cary makes a decision that could take him out of Ellis's life for good. Just when he needs to lean on his boyfriend the most, Ellis discovers Saul has a secret that could break them apart.
416223	BELONGING	Spring break is here, and the Sweet Valley University gang is in for six nights and seven days of sun, fun, and romance - on a college-students-only Caribbean cruise!Sailing into the sunset...Tom Watts plans to surprise Elizabeth Wakefield with a cosy cabin for two. If Elizabeth says no, will Tom find another woman to take her place?Jessica Wakefield is on a manhunt! When a mysterious stranger rescues Jessica from shark-infested waters. Jessica vows to discover his identity - and make him hers.Danny Wyatt's best friend from high school is throwing a shipboard wedding! Danny's thrilled to be the best man, but his girlfriend, Isabella Ricci, knows a dangerous secret. The bride-to-be is fooling around with another guy!
23299217	BELONGING	Lights, camera, love!After being plucked from obscurity, Hollywood's newest starlet, Paige Townsen, has a hit film to her name and Rainer Devon on her arm. But being half of the world's most famous couple comes with a price. No matter where Paige goes, someone is always watching. Soon she finds herself dodging photographers; hiding her feelings for her other costar, Jordan Wilder; and navigating tabloid scandals that threaten to tear her and Rainer apart--and end her career as quickly as it began.As she navigates her new L.A. life in this sequel to Famous in Love, Paige finds that she doesn't know who to trust: Old friends could be betraying her secrets, and new friends are keeping secrets of their own.
30286171	NONE	In Ink and Bone, New York Timesbestselling author Rachel Caine introduced a world where knowledge is power, and power corrupts absolutely. Now, she continues the story of those who dare to defy the Great Library--and rewrite history...With an iron fist, The Great Library controls the knowledge of the world, ruthlessly stamping out all rebellion, forbidding the personal ownership of books in the name of the greater good.Jess Brightwell has survived his introduction to the sinister, seductive world of the Library, but serving in its army is nothing like he envisioned. His life and the lives of those he cares for have been altered forever. His best friend is lost, and Morgan, the girl he loves, is locked away in the Iron Tower and doomed to a life apart.Embarking on a mission to save one of their own, Jess and his band of allies make one wrong move and suddenly find themselves hunted by the Library's deadly automata and forced to flee Alexandria, all the way to London.But Jess's home isn't safe anymore. The Welsh army is coming, London is burning, and soon, Jess must choose between his friends, his family, or the Library willing to sacrifice anything and anyone in the search for ultimate control...
34607494	BELONGING	Ghosts can't seem to keep their opinions to themselves.Seventeen-year-old Nate Shaw should know; he's been talking to them since he was twelve. But they aren't the only ones making his high school years a living hell. All Nate wants is to keep his secret and keep his head down until he can graduate. That is, until the new boy, James Powell, takes a seat next to him in homeroom. James not only notices him, he manages to work his way into Nate's life. But James has issues of his own.Between dead grandmothers and living aunts, Nate has to navigate the fact that he's falling in love with his only friend, all while getting advice from the most unusual places.Ghosts, bullies, first love: it's a lot to deal with when you're just trying to survive senior year.
17233160	MASTERY	Against all odds Katniss Everdeen has won the annual Hunger Games with fellow District 12 tribute Peeta Mellark. But it was a victory won by defiance of the Capitol and its harsh rules.Katniss and Peeta should be happy. After all, they have secured, for themselves and their families, a life of safety and plenty. They will live in fancy houses in Victory Village, their families will never be hungry again, and the cruel games are behind them. But there are rumours of rebellion among the other districts, and to Katniss's horror, Katniss and Peeta are the faces of that rebellion.The Capitol is angry. The Capitol wants revenge. The Capitol will not be fooled again.A stunning and exclusive edition with coloured foil edges.~shop.scholastic.com.au
34052910	MASTERY	3:47 a.m. That's when they come for Wren Clemmens. She's hustled out of her house and into a waiting car, then a plane, and then taken on a forced march into the desert. This is what happens to kids who've gone so far off the rails, their parents don't know what to do with them anymore. This is wilderness therapy camp.The Wren who arrives in the Utah desert is angry and bitter, and blaming everyone but herself. But angry can't put up a tent. And bitter won't start a fire. Wren's going to have to admit she needs help if she's going to survive.
17855160	INDEPENDENCE	In a world in crisis, children are the future. Part of the cure. Not now. Children are deadly. Marked one to ten. Fiona is a TEN. She just doesn't know it yet . . . She doesn't know her true strength.Fiona doesn't remember going to sleep. But she has woken to find her entire world has changed - her house is abandoned and broken, and her neighbourhood is barren and dead. Even stranger is the tattoo on her right wrist that she doesn't remember getting but somehow knows she must cover at any cost. And she's right. When the honeybee population collapsed, a worldwide pandemic occurred and the government tried to bio-engineer a cure. But instead the vaccination turned people into ferocious, deadly beasts. They have been branded as a warning to unvaccinated survivors. Key people needed to rebuild society are protected inside a fortress-like wall. Fiona has awakened branded, alone and on the wrong side of the wall . . .
23414088	MASTERY	Something is wrong with Kaylee Cavanaugh... She can sense when someone near her is about to die. And when that happens, a force beyond her control compels her to scream bloody murder. Literally. Kaylee just wants to enjoy having caught the attention of the hottest boy in school. But a normal date is hard to come by when Nash seems to know more about the dark forces behind Kaylee's power than she does. And when classmates start dropping dead for no apparent reason, and only Kaylee knows who'll be next, she realises that finding a boyfriend is the least of her worries!
2498675	MASTERY	DISILLUSIONED WITH HIS childhood faith, Jon longs to restore that sense of belonging to something greater than himself. Enter Jeremiah, magnetic and mysterious founder of the Brotherhood of the Hebetheus. In Jon, Jeremiah finds a willing disciple for his "new" religion, and an eager participant in the Brotherhood's daring plan: they will kidnap a classmate who Jeremiah believes is part of a terrorist cell. By foiling her plot to blow up their school, the boys of the Hebetheus will command the world's attention, show a righteous religion as the only real tool to thwart terrorism, and become avenging heroes.But fate and faith have a twist in store for Jon as the captive girl they call Snake causes him to confront the reflection of what he's become in her eyes. Will the appeal of a blind faith be enough to sustain Jon's allegiance? Or will he be unable to deny the viper glimpsed within himself?
22817510	BELONGING	Juliet Newman has it all. A picture-perfect family; a handsome, loving boyfriend; and a foolproof life plan: ace her SATs, get accepted into Harvard early decision, and live happily ever after.But when her dad moves out and her mom loses it, Juliet begins questioning the rules she's always lived by. And to make everything even more complicated there's Declan, the gorgeous boy who makes her feel alive and spontaneous--and who's totally off-limits. Torn between the life she always thought she wanted and one she never knew was possible, Juliet begins to wonder: What if perfect isn't all it's cracked up to be?Melissa Kantor once again delivers a tale that is equal parts surprising, humorous, heartbreaking, and romantic. Powerful and honest, Juliet's story brilliantly portrays the highs and lows of life in high school and will resonate with any reader who has experienced either.
17668742	BELONGING	DOUBLE FAULT is the 2nd book in The Vortex Series where Cassie and Trent's problems have only just begun. As they fight through the repercussions of creating a parallel world, other dangers are lurking. After years of running, Trent and his orphaned sister, Lorelai, sense the dangerous and power-hungry Dr. Fox is close to discovering their whereabouts.While Cassie fears for Trent's life, her on again tennis career hangs in the balance. Caught between her old and new life, she watches her world slowly crumble until it's a tragic portrayal of all that she used to know. But worse yet, if her secret is revealed, she might lose what's most dear to her heart.Set in contemporary Northern California, the Vortex Series is a teen romance for those who enjoy a mashup of science fiction, fantasy, a little music, and sports. This story is told from dual perspectives, giving the reader an intimate view into both Cassie and Trent's worlds. First love and family relationships--how they interconnect and drive our personalities--is the heart and soul of this YA time travel novel.
2703107	BELONGING	FameIt's a few years after rebel Tally Youngblood took down the uglies/pretties/specials regime. Without those strict roles and rules, the world is in a complete cultural renaissance. "Tech-heads" flaunt their latest gadgets, "kickers" spread gossip and trends, and "surge monkeys" are hooked on extreme plastic surgery. And it's all monitored on a bazillion different cameras. The world is like a gigantic game of American Idol. Whoever is getting the most buzz gets the most votes. Popularity rules.As if being fifteen doesn't suck enough, Aya Fuse's rank of 451,369 is so low, she's a total nobody. An extra. But Aya doesn't care; she just wants to lie low with her drone, Moggle. And maybe kick a good story for herself.Then Aya meets a clique of girls who pull crazy tricks, yet are deeply secretive of it. Aya wants desperately to kick their story, to show everyone how intensely cool the Sly Girls are. But doing so would propel her out of extra-land and into the world of fame, celebrity... and extreme danger. A world she's not prepared for.
944674	INDEPENDENCE	I was proud of my sister, but that year, something began to rankle beneath the pride.Louise has had enough of her twin sister. Caroline is beautiful. Caroline is talented. Caroline is better.Growing up on the small island of Rass in Chesapeake Bay, Caroline seems to do nothing but take from Louise: their parents' love, Louise's chances for an education, her dreams for the future. They have spent their lives entwined -- sleeping in the same room, eating at the same table, learning in the same classroom -- and yet somehow nothing can bring them together. Louise's only hope lies in seeking a place for herself beyond the stretch of Rass's shores and her sister's shadow. What will it take for her to break free?
28512548	MASTERY	A contemporary YA novel that examines rape culture through alternating perspectives.Alex Craft knows how to kill someone. And she doesn't feel bad about it.Three years ago, when her older sister, Anna, was murdered and the killer walked free, Alex uncaged the language she knows best--the language of violence. While her own crime goes unpunished, Alex knows she can't be trusted among other people. Not with Jack, the star athlete who wants to really know her but still feels guilty over the role he played the night Anna's body was discovered. And not with Peekay, the preacher's kid with a defiant streak who befriends Alex while they volunteer at an animal shelter. Not anyone.As their senior year unfolds, Alex's darker nature breaks out, setting these three teens on a collision course that will change their lives forever.
23015970	INDEPENDENCE	Penelope never dreamed she'd become a superhuman experiment masquerading as a puppet.She never dreamed everything would be taken from her; even her ability to lie.Nor did she ever dream that she would become something so unreal.Penelope lives in a world of advanced technology. Marionettes have advanced in the form of robots; lifelike creations remote controlled to perform super human tasks.When Penelope makes a deal with Jed, a marionette-obsessed scientist, she doesn't fully realize what she's getting herself into. In order for Jed to take her away from the orphanage she lives in, she must first agree to undergo his experiments and tests, ultimately creating something no one ever dreamed possible; the first living marionette.As Jed shows off his scientific creation to the world, concerns arise surrounding Penelope's abilities and what she's capable of doing. Ordered to somehow lessen her abilities, Jed makes a desperate attempt to change Penelope to make her more human, more vulnerable. After Penelope lies to the officials about her past, Jed makes sure it's the last one she'll ever utter. The truth is now the only thing she is capable of telling.As Penelope struggles with her past, her disturbingly new present, and her uncertain future, she is thrust into a magically twisted world of mayhem in search of the one thing she wants, but knows she can never have. The chance to be just a girl again. To be normal. To be real.
11780432	INDEPENDENCE	Laura Cubus was perfectly content with her life. A junior in high school, she felt perfectly normal. She had good friends, a great family, and did well in school. Nothing particularly exciting ever happened where she lived, and everything was stable.But that all drastically changes when a new student arrives at Laura's school. Wild rumours swirl about his past, and Laura becomes determined to find out the truth.As she gets to know the mysterious student, he shares with her an ancient secret... one that may yet put both of them in grave danger.And for the first time in her life, Laura is exposed to a completely unfamiliar world. She is swept away on an exhilarating journey that takes to a place where romance and great destiny may yet await... and where supernatural powers run rampant.Shattered is a teen romance / paranormal romance, and is the first book of the Dream Realms Trilogy.
26159327	MASTERY	When Luke Manchett's estranged father dies suddenly, he leaves his son a dark inheritance. Luke has been left in charge of his father's ghost collection: eight restless spirits. They want revenge for their long enslavement, and in the absence of the father, they're more than happy to take his son. It isn't fair, but you try and reason with the vengeful dead.Halloween, the night when the ghosts reach the height of their power, is fast approaching. With the help of school witchlet Elza Moss, and his cowardly dog Ham, Luke has just thirteen days to uncover the closely guarded secrets of black magic, and send the unquiet spirits to their eternal rest. The alternative doesn't bear thinking about.
20759563	INDEPENDENCE	If you could see the future, would you want to? After the disturbing visions Riley and his friends see turn out to be more than hallucinations, fate takes a dangerous twist in this dark and suspenseful page-turner.Riley and his friends are gearing up for their senior year by spending one last night hanging out in the woods, drinking a few beers, and playing Truth or Dare. But what starts out as a good time turns sinister when they find a mysterious pair of binoculars. Those who dare to look through them see strange visions, which they brush off as hallucinations. Why else would Riley see himself in bed with his best friend's girlfriend--a girl he's had a secret crush on for years?In the weeks that follow, the visions begin to come true...including a gruesome murder. One of Riley's closest friends is now the prime suspect. But who is the murderer? Have Riley and his friends really seen the future through those mysterious binoculars? And what if they are powerless to change the course of events?
16093313	MASTERY	It's been a year and a half and Missy, now close to seventeen years old finds herself returning to the human realm she left behind in hot pursuit of Anukhan, the thief that stole her blue light and almost left her dead. Sensing it when he uses her abilities, she along with Charlie, and Saal race to find this ruthless killer of men and monsters. But they realize almost too late that there is a physical connection between Missy and Anukhan and now stopping him with deadly force will prove fatal for Missy as well.Undeterred, Missy prepares herself for a difficult fight, one that could cost more lives than she's willing to sacrifice. Unlike her quests in the monster realm, another silent killer returns. One she's fought against her entire life and this time, it could win.
20527595	INDEPENDENCE	Everyone has a past, but for most it isn't so far in the past as Seth Sangre. His past is literally from thousands of years ago. Seth's past led him to the present seeking something that might help him save his country from destruction. He has been in the present for over three years now, and he just found exactly what he has been looking for. Mari had dreams of college being a fresh start, one where she would start over and not fall for the good looking player like high school. Unfortunately for her, that's exactly what ends up falling into her lap on the first day she moves into the dorms. Now she has to hold to her promise to herself not fall for the handsome Seth Sangre. But he doesn't plan to make it easy for her. Seth has already marked her as his next conquest.As the semester progresses, Mari learns that Seth might just have a past of his own that's literally in the past. Suddenly, Mari finds her future along with her past put into question. She's connected to Seth far more than she ever wanted to be, and maybe he isn't the player who she thought he was. If Mari can trust her heart enough to follow him, Seth will lead Mari on an adventure of a lifetime-and reveal family secrets she never knew existed.
11183973	INDEPENDENCE	Skye never questioned the story of her life. Her Aunt Jo adopted her after the death of her parents when she was just a child, and together they flip through memories the way some people flip through photo albums.She never questioned if the stories were true.Until the night of her 17th birthday, when the arrival of two strangers intrudes on her cozy life. Polar opposites, like fire and ice, Asher is dark and wild, while Devin is fair, cold, and aloof. Skye has no idea what they want--only that their presence coincides with the beginning of some shockingly strange events. Events that Skye, if she dares to think it, might be responsible for causing.High up in the mountains of Boulder, Colorado, Skye finds herself caught in the middle of an ancient battle, one that began untold millennia ago. Torn between unpredictable Asher, whom she loves, and the infuriating Devin, who she can't stay away from, her fate is murky as a starless night. And as the secrets of her true identity are revealed, Skye realizes that her destiny may reside in the Heavens--or somewhere darker.
14908122	MASTERY	Meggie loves books. So does her father, Mo, a bookbinder, although he's never read aloud to her since her mother mysteriously disappeared. They live quietly until the night a stranger arrives with a warning. The next day, Mo starts packing but won't tell Meggie why. They must go into hiding. But from what? From whom? Soon, Mo's secret is revealed. He has the amazing ability to breathe life into stories, to make characters come alive. Years ago, he accidentally released a merciless villain from a book called Inkheart. And now, this hateful criminal is after Mo and his extraordinary gift. Meggie is hurled into the adventure of a lifetime, where the imaginary has become real. It's up to her to find a way to alter the course of the story that holds them all in its power.
26396915	MASTERY	Percy Jackson is a good kid, but he can't seem to focus on his schoolwork or control his temper. And lately, being away at boarding school is only getting worse-Percy could have sworn his pre-algebra teacher turned into a monster and tried to kill him. When Percy's mom finds out, she knows it's time that he knew the truth about where he came from, and that he go to the one place he'll be safe. She sends Percy to Camp Half Blood, a summer camp for demigods (on Long Island), where he learns that the father he never knew is Poseidon, God of the Sea. Soon a mystery unfolds and together with his friends -- one a satyr and the other the demigod daughter of Athena -- Percy sets out on a quest across the United States to reach the gates of the Underworld (located in a recording studio in Hollywood) and prevent a catastrophic war between the gods.
17904572	STABILITY	Arianna Grace is about to turn seventeen and her life has been very complicated lately. She is the leader of four clans of night humans: dearg-dul, baku, tengu, and lycan. While the four clans seem to get along better with each other, there is internal conflict on both sides of her family, not to mention the three boys vying for her attention.Edward Lucan is making a chase for the power to lead the baku clans and is playing his cards by using his nephew Andrew to lure Arianna into a trap. Unfortunately for Lucan, Andrew has his own plans. He has spent the last year waiting for Arianna to see him as more than a friend, and he now finds it necessary to make a move for her affection, despite his uncle.In the dearg-dul estate, Arianna discovers that the ambitious Lord Seeger has been laying his own strategies for power and is slowly poisoning her. After getting away with her grandfather's murder, he is setting his sights on her. Luckily for Arianna, her team is on to all of the plans and is making some plans of their own. Will it be enough to keep Arianna safe? Several people close to Arianna have been keeping secrets. If Arianna is to take power and control of the night, she will need to know the truth. Will someone finally tell her what it truly means to become the legend everyone is waiting for, before it is too late to turn back?
25884839	BELONGING	Becoming Famous, by Natalie Scott, is the long anticipated sequel to Rules for Riders.Synopsis:Bebe Barkley has never released a sex tape. She's not America's Next Top Model. She didn't get pregnant at 16, and has never auditioned for American Idol. In fact, she's holed up in a hotel room at the Waldorf in New York City, totally depressed. But even though she doesn't know it yet, she's about to become famous. A former equestrian rider, Bebe had a bright future until a tragic accident changed everything. Now she's unable to return to her old life, yet incapable of moving forward.Follow her as she ventures from New York to LA, the City of Broken Dreams, where she will find everything she's ever wanted, only to risk losing the things she truly loves. Join Bebe in her heart-stopping journey in Becoming Famous.Genres: Young Adult / Romance
28269445	MASTERY	When curvaceous Annalise Bradley's scandalous freshman year hookup sparks the anger of her female classmates, three of them decide to get her back by "catfishing" her, creating a fake online profile of the perfect boy to toy with her affections.Against her better nature, introverted Noelle Spiers, goes along with her friends' plan, hoping to distract Annalise from dreamy Cooper Franklin, her lifelong crush who has fallen for Annalise instead.As Annalise discovers she is being played and seeks revenge, Noelle increasingly regrets her role in the cruel hoax and tries to salvage their relationship.Told in alternative perspectives, IDENTITY CRISIS covers romance, betrayal, and timeless friendship in the age of modern technology.
36307248	INDEPENDENCE	A New York Timesbestseller--from the award-winning author of the Graceling Realm series--a kaleidoscopic novel about grief, adventure, storytelling, and finding yourself in a world of seemingly infinite choices.Jane has lived an ordinary life, raised by her aunt Magnolia--an adjunct professor and deep sea photographer. Jane counted on Magnolia to make the world feel expansive and to turn life into an adventure. But Aunt Magnolia was lost a few months ago in Antarctica on one of her expeditions.Now, with no direction, a year out of high school, and obsessed with making umbrellas that look like her own dreams (but mostly just mourning her aunt), she is easily swept away by Kiran Thrash--a glamorous, capricious acquaintance who shows up and asks Jane to accompany her to a gala at her family's island mansion called Tu Reviens.Jane remembers her aunt telling her: "If anyone ever invites to you to Tu Reviens, promise methat you'll go." With nothing but a trunkful of umbrella parts to her name, Jane ventures out to the Thrash estate. Then her story takes a turn, or rather, five turns. What Jane doesn't know is that Tu Reviens will offer her choices that can ultimately determine the course of her untethered life. But at Tu Reviens, every choice comes with a reward, or a price.Read Jane, Unlimitedand remember why The New York Timeshas raved, "Some authors can tell a good story; some can write well. Cashore is one of the rare novelists who do both."
25411022	NONE	Cassio Lowood ha heredado una inusual vocacion, la de matar a los muertos. Su padre tambien lo hacia, hasta que murio truculentamente a manos de un fantasma al que intentaba dar caza. Ahora, armado con el misterioso amuleto de su padre, Cas viaja por Estados Unidos junto a su hechicera madre y un gato que olisquea fantasmas. Siempre tras leyendas populares, intentan acabar con los molestos y crueles espiritus que se cruzan en su camino.Un nuevo caso los lleva a una ciudad en busca de un fantasma al que todos llaman #Anna vestida de sangre#. Cass espera lo habitual: persecucion caza y matanza. Pero lo que encuentra es a una chica furiosa atrapada en una maldicion, un fantasma distinto a todos los demas. Todavia lleva el vestido del dia en que cometieron su brutal asesinato en 1958, un vestido que un dia fue blanco y ahora aparece cubierto de sangre. Desde el dia de su muerte, Anna ha asesinado a todo aquel que ha osado entrar en la casa abandonada que, una vez, fue su hogar.Pero, por alguna razon, a Cas le perdona la vida...
11034025	BELONGING	Sergio is bisexual, but his only real relationship was with a girl. Lance has always known he was gay, but he's never had a real boyfriend. When the two of them meet, they have an instant connection--but will it be enough to overcome their differences?Allie's been in a relationship with a guy for the last two years--but when she meets Kimiko, she can't get her out of her mind. Does this mean she's gay? Or bi? Kimiko, falling hard for Allie, is willing to stick around and help Allie figure it out.Boyfriends with Girlfriendsis Alex Sanchez at his best, writing with a sensitive hand to portray four very real teens striving to find their places in the world--and with each other.
25726439	INDEPENDENCE	*****Three Bookateers 2015 Indie Awards Best YA Author and Book***** Kaitlyn Woodley is a beautiful, determined, high school senior, who embraces her small-town roots and country life. She's studious, musically gifted, and headed for a successful career in swimming. Aside from a catty group of jealous girls, who taunt her mercilessly, Kaitlyn's dreams are well within her reach. That is, until she becomes tangled up with the handsome Pistol Black, a rodeo cowboy, who not only turns every girl's head in the county, but also turns her perfect world upside down. Kaitlyn's overprotective twin brother and best friends, begin to see signs that make them question Pistol's subtle control over her. As secrets are unveiled, they intervene to save her from a possible path of destruction. To their surprise, when best friend Brody steps in to protect her, newly discovered feelings complicate an already volatile situation. Soon, everything begins to change. Old feelings die, new feelings emerge, and the once beautiful path they had traveled over summer, begins to alter with the season. Will Kaitlyn's closest friends be able to pull her from the destructive path she's been led to follow? As the winds of time blast through their lives, the loyalty toward their best friend will remain stronger than ever. They are determined to protect her, even if one of them ends up getting hurt in the hunt for safety. One thing is for certain, none of this close group of friends will be left untouched when fall breaks. ***This book contains mild language, some suggestive humor, and underage drinking.
5624799	BELONGING	In the realm of Faerie, the time has come for Roiben's coronation. Uneasy in the midst of the malevolent Unseelie Court, pixie Kaye is sure of only one thing her love for Roiben. But when Kaye, drunk on faerie wine, declares herself to Roiben, he sends her on a seemingly impossible quest. Now Kaye can't see or speak to Roiben unless she can find the one thing she knows doesn't exist: a faerie who can tell a lie. Miserable and convinced she belongs nowhere, Kaye decides to tell her mother the truth that she is a changeling left in place of the human daughter stolen long ago. Her mother's shock and horror sends Kaye back to the world of Faerie to find her human counterpart and return her to Ironside. But once back in the faerie courts, Kaye finds herself a pawn in the games of Silarial, queen of the Seelie Court. Silarial wants Roiben's throne, and she will use Kaye, and any means necessary, to get it. In this game of wits and weapons, can a pixie outplay a queen? Holly Black spins a seductive tale at once achingly real and chillingly enchanted, set in a dangerous world where pleasure mingles with pain and nothing is exactly as it appears.
17132886	NONE	The Garde are finally reunited, but do they have what it takes to win the war against the Mogadorians?John Smith--Number Four--thought that things would change once the Garde found each other. They would stop running. They would fight the Mogadorians. And they would win.But he was wrong. After facing off with the Mogadorian ruler and almost being annihilated, the Garde know they are drastically unprepared and hopelessly outgunned. Now they're hiding out in Nine's Chicago penthouse, trying to figure out their next move.The six of them are powerful, but they're not strong enough yet to take on an entire army--even with the return of an old ally. To defeat their enemy, the Garde must master their Legacies and learn to work together as a team. More importantly, they'll have to discover the truth about the Elders and their plan for the Loric survivors.And when the Garde receive a sign from Number Five--a crop circle in the shape of a Loric symbol--they know they are so close to being reunited. But could it be a trap? Time is running out, and the only thing they know for certain is that they have to get to Five before it's too late.The Garde may have lost battles, but they will not lose this war.
20332176	MASTERY	*"This episode is nearly three hundred pages of perfection, and the only regret fans will have when they are done is being one step closer to the final installment of this outstanding series."-VOYA[starred review] With more than a million Gallagher Girls books sold, a legion of fans have fallen in love with the New York Times best-selling spy-girl series, and the fifth book delivers the most nerve-wracking, high-stakes adventure yet.The last thing Cammie Morgan remembers is leaving the Gallagher Academy to protect her friends and family from the Circle of Cavan-an ancient terrorist organization that has been hunting her for over a year. But when Cammie wakes up in an alpine convent and discovers that months have passed, she must face the fact that her memory is now a black hole. The only traces left of Cammie's summer vacation are the bruises on her body and the dirt under her nails, and all she wants is to go home.Once she returns to school, however, Cammie realizes that even the Gallagher Academy now holds more questions than answers. Cammie, her friends, and mysterious spy-guy Zach must face their most difficult challenge yet as they travel to the other side of the world, hoping to piece together the clues that Cammie left behind. It's a race against time. The Circle is hot on their trail and willing stop at nothing to prevent Cammie from remembering what she did last summer.
27791724	BELONGING	THE CHANGING SEASON is a story that will bring you back to that awkward period of time between childhood and adult life. I highly recommend this book. - Richard Paul Evans, #1 NYT Bestselling Author, THE CHRISTMAS BOX and THE MISTLETOE PROMISE. THE CHANGING SEASON is a thought provoking coming of age tale that explores the complicated themes of love, faith, family, and above all, loyalty. Mr. Manchester s portrayal of a boy at the cusp of manhood is evocative and sympathetic. - Susan Wilson, NYT Bestselling Author, ONE GOOD DOG. This was supposed to be a simple summer for Billy: one more lazy expanse of time before college began. He'd fill the hours playing with Jimmy his canine best buddy going camping and doing all the things he promised Jimmy they'd do before Billy left. But that was before the accident that shook the entire town. It was before the summer job that turned into something so much more than a way to get a paycheck. And it was before Vicki. This summer was destined to be many things to Billy, things he didn t truly understand until now. But it was definitely not going to be simple. An enormously touching, richly textured, deeply moving novel of new adulthood, THE CHANGING SEASON is an experience to savor."
16371200	BELONGING	This time it's life or death.Suze has gotten used to ghosts. She's a mediator, after all, and communicating with the dead is all in a day's work. So she certainly never expected to fall in love with one: Jesse, a nineteenth-century hottie. But when she discovers that she has the power to determine who becomes a ghost in the first place, Suze begins to freak. It means she can alter the course of history... and prevent Jesse's murder, keeping him from ever becoming a ghost - and from ever meeting Suze.Will Jesse choose to live without her, or die to love her?
31370195	INDEPENDENCE	Eighteen-year-old Joe Vasquez leaves Denver for Texas with Harley Bray, the cow kid who never fit in at their high school. In spite of discovering there's another side to Harley's nature--occasional "withdrawals" from roadside convenience stores, a nefarious skill he teaches Joe--Joe shares Harley's dream of riding bulls and a life together on the Texas plains outside of Abilene. A life that will hopefully see the fulfillment of another of Joe's dreams--to become a veterinarian.When a rank bull kills Harley in a rodeo in Longview, Texas, Joe accepts an offer from another bull rider, Shane Thorpe, to partner up and ride the circuit together. The problem is that the blond-haired, blue-eyed Shane found Jesus a long time ago, and he's torn between his faith and his attraction to Joe. As they make their way across Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Arizona to their final stop on the circuit at the National Western Rodeo in Denver, Joe bides his time for what he hopes will be a relationship with Shane as fulfilling as the one he'd had with Harley. His hopes for the future, however, are challenged along the way when he discovers that his "withdrawals" have captured the attention of a dedicated Texas Ranger.
16372746	INDEPENDENCE	It happened like this. I was stolen from an airport. Taken from everything I knew, everything I was used to. Taken to sand and heat, dirt and danger. And he expected me to love him.This is my story.A letter from nowhere. Sixteen year old Gemma is kidnapped from Bangkok airport and taken to the Australian Outback. This wild and desolate landscape becomes almost a character in the book, so vividly is it described. Ty, her captor, is no stereotype. He is young, fit and completely gorgeous. This new life in the wilderness has been years in the planning. He loves only her, wants only her. Under the hot glare of the Australian sun, cut off from the world outside, can the force of his love make Gemma love him back?The story takes the form of a letter, written by Gemma to Ty, reflecting on those strange and disturbing months in the outback. Months when the lines between love and obsession, and love and dependency, blur until they don't exist - almost.
873584	NONE	From the #1 bestselling author of The Fault in Our StarsMichael L. Printz Honor BookLos Angeles TimesBook Prize FinalistWhen it comes to relationships, Colin Singleton's type is girls named Katherine. And when it comes to girls named Katherine, Colin is always getting dumped. Nineteen times, to be exact. On a road trip miles from home, this anagram-happy, washed-up child prodigy has ten thousand dollars in his pocket, a bloodthirsty feral hog on his trail, and an overweight, Judge Judy-loving best friend riding shotgun--but no Katherines. Colin is on a mission to prove The Theorem of Underlying Katherine Predictability, which he hopes will predict the future of any relationship, avenge Dumpees everywhere, and finally win him the girl. Love, friendship, and a dead Austro-Hungarian archduke add up to surprising and heart-changing conclusions in this ingeniously layered comic novel about reinventing oneself.
16150401	MASTERY	In a world where Magic is illegal.Cassel Sharpe has the most deadly ability of all. With one touch, he can transform any object - including a person - into something else netirely. And that makes him a wanted man. The Feds are willing to forgive all his past crimes if he'll only leabe his con artist family behind and go straight. But why does going straight feel so crooked?For one thing, it means being on the opposite side of the law from Lila, the girl he loves. She's the daughter of a mob boss and getting ready to join the family business herself. Though Cassel is pretty sure she can never love him back, he can't stop obsessing over her. Which would be bad enough, even if her father wasn't keeping Cassel's mother prisoner in a posh apartment and threatening not to let her leave until she returns the priceless diamond she scammed off him years ago. Too bad she can't remember where she put it.The Feds say they need Cassel to get rid of a powerful man who is spinning dangerously out of control. But if they want Cassel to use his unique talent to hurt people, what separates the good guys from the bad ones? Or is everyone just out to con him?Time is running out, and all Cassel's magic and cleverness might not be enough to save him. With no easy answers and no one he can trust, love might be the most dangerous gamble of all.
13528333	INDEPENDENCE	Lucky Linderman didn't ask for his life. He didn't ask his grandfather not to come home from the Vietnam War. He didn't ask for a father who never got over it. He didn't ask for a mother who keeps pretending their dysfunctional family is fine. And he didn't ask to be the target of Nader McMillan's relentless bullying, which has finally gone too far.But Lucky has a secret--one that helps him wade through the mundane torture of his life. In his dreams, Lucky escapes to the war-ridden jungles of Laos--the prison his grandfather couldn't escape--where Lucky can be a real man, an adventurer, and a hero. It's dangerous and wild, and it's a place where his life just might be worth living. But how long can Lucky keep hiding in his dreams before reality forces its way inside?Michael L. Printz Honor recipient A.S. King's smart, funny and boldly original writing shines in this powerful novel about learning to cope with the shrapnel life throws at you--and taking a stand against it.
16154303	INDEPENDENCE	Fifteen-year-old Dylan Beachley's family is shattered when his older sister Hannah is kidnapped from their rural New Hampshire home while he slept just one floor away. Weeks of searching by volunteers and local law enforcement provides no clues to Hannah's whereabouts. Determined to find her after the official search is suspended, Dylan sets out using his extensive knowledge of the forest to search for his sister. He is joined by Molly, an energetic fifteen-year-old who just moved to the area with her drug addict mother and her mother's drug dealing boyfriend. As Dylan and Molly search hundreds of acres surrounding the Appalachian Trail, they must deal with the rugged wilderness, Dylan's grief stricken family, and Molly's abusive home life as the two refuse to give up their goal -- Finding Hannah.
578029	BELONGING	When you don't talk, there's a lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.Harsh words indeed, from Brian Nelson of all people. But, D. J. can't help admitting, maybe he's right.When you don't talk, there's a lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.Stuff like why her best friend, Amber, isn't so friendly anymore. Or why her little brother, Curtis, never opens his mouth. Why her mom has two jobs and a big secret. Why her college-football-star brothers won't even call home. Why her dad would go ballistic if she tried out for the high school football team herself. And why Brian is so, so out of her league.When you don't talk, there's a lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.Welcome to the summer that fifteen-year-old D. J. Schwenk of Red Bend, Wisconsin, learns to talk, and ends up having an awful lot of stuff to say.
1255000	MASTERY	Harmony McLean has been different from the moment she was discovered. When a falling star struck his chicken coop, Felix McGillicuddy never expected to find a baby girl miraculously left behind. He names her after the harmony of spheres in honor of her celestial arrival, and his wife, Nettie Mae McLean, gives Harmony her strong Irish surname to keep her grounded.Soon after her 15th birthday, something special begins coursing through Harmony-the power to move objects and affect the universe with her energy. But this mountain-bred girl is looking for a way to fit into the big world, not stand out any more than she already does.In this powerful novel from the writer of Night Flying, a young woman must learn to accept who she is before she can claim the magic that has chosen her.From the Hardcover edition.
6820062	INDEPENDENCE	The story of one boy and his journey to find himself.When it happened, Miguel was sent to Juvi. The judge gave him a year in a group home--said he had to write in a journal so some counselor could try to figure out how he thinks. The judge had no idea that he actually did Miguel a favor. Ever since it happened, his mom can't even look at him in the face. Any home besides his would be a better place to live.But Miguel didn't bet on meeting Rondell or Mong or on any of what happened after they broke out. He only thought about Mexico and getting to the border to where he could start over. Forget his mom. Forget his brother. Forget himself.Life usually doesn't work out how you think it will, though. And most of the time, running away is the quickest path right back to what you're running from.
20749119	MASTERY	Natasha "Tash" Bohner just turned eighteen. Theoretically, that should mean escaping from trailer park purgatory--and her less than stellar relationship with her widowed mother--and running away to Los Angeles with her anorexic best friend, Margot. But as we all know, life is known for taking some very shitty, unexpected turns. Already the scourge of the Guthrie High gossip mill, Tash's undesirable reputation explodes into infamy when she assaults the captain of the wrestling team. (Despite the fact that he deserved it,) the principal tells her that she's on her last strike.Again, see: above. Re: shit happens. When Margot's will to live is finally severed by the leader of the Guthrie Bitch Squad, Tash vows to get revenge on the most popular girl in school--no matter what it takes. Because of a promise she made to her favorite teacher (to not get expelled), Tash is forced to get creative. She realizes she's going to have to beat the popularity-obsessed Becca Foster at her own game, by running against her for prom queen. And winning.In order to succeed, Tash will have to do the unthinkable: she'll have to join student government, pretend to be well-adjusted, and actually try in school. Also, she'll have to quit swearing so goddamn much.It's like a fucking Cinderella story up in here. Only, it's high school. So there aren't any happy endings. (Just beginnings.)
21888233	MASTERY	Seventeen-year-old Skylar has been haunted for as long as she can remember by fleeting yet powerful sensations that something is horribly wrong. But despite the panic attacks tormenting her, nothing ever happens, and Sky's beginning to think she's crazy. Then she meets a mysterious, otherworldly boy named Win and discovers the shocking truth her premonitions have tapped into: our world no longer belongs to us. For thousands of years, Earth has been at the mercy of alien scientists who care nothing for its inhabitants and are using us as the unwitting subjects of their time-manipulating experiments. Win belongs to a rebel faction seeking to put a stop to it, and he needs Skylar's help--but with each shift in the past, the very fabric of reality is unraveling, and soon there may be no Earth left to save.
24500275	BELONGING	If you lived in a world where everyone had a personal fairy, what kind would you want?A clothes-shopping fairy(The perfect outfit will always be on sale!)A loose-change fairy(Pretty self-explanatory.)A never-getting-caught fairy(You can get away with anything...)Unfortunately for Charlie, she's stuck with a parking fairy-if she's in the car, the driver will find the perfect parking spot. Tired of being treated like a personal parking pass, Charlie devises a plan to ditch her fairy for a more useful model. At first, teaming up with her archenemy (who has an all-the-boys-like-you fairy) seems like a good idea. But Charlie soon learns there are consequences for messing with fairies-and she will have to resort to extraordinary measures to set things right again.
24612637	MASTERY	*A 2014 NATIONAL BOOK AWARD FINALIST*When he was a boy, Luc's mother would warn him about the "mock men" living in the trees by their home -- chimpanzees whose cries would fill the night.Luc is older now, his mother gone. He lives in a house of mistreated orphans, barely getting by. Then a man calling himself Prof comes to town with a mysterious mission. When Luc tries to rob him, the man isn't mad. Instead, he offers Luc a job.Together, Luc and Prof head into the rough, dangerous jungle in order to study the elusive chimpanzees. There, Luc finally finds a new family -- and must act when that family comes under attack.As he did in his acclaimed novel Endangered, a finalist for the National Book Award, Eliot Schrefer takes us somewhere fiction rarely goes, introducing us to characters we rarely get to meet. The unforgettable result is the story of a boy fleeing his present, a man fleeing his past, and a trio of chimpanzees who are struggling not to flee at all.
36187151	MASTERY	People would kill for her body.Raised in an elite foster center off the California coast, sixteen-year-old Tabitha's been sculpted into a world-class athlete. Her trainers have told her she'll need to be in top physical condition to be matched with a loving family, even though personal health has taken a backseat outside the training facility. While Tabitha swims laps and shaves seconds off her mile time, hoping to find a permanent home, the rest of the community takes pills produced by pharmaceutical giant PharmPerfect to erase their wrinkles, grow hair, and develop superhuman strength.When Tabitha's finally paired, instead of being taken to meet her new parents, she wakes up immobile on a hospital bed. Moments before she's sliced open, a group of renegade teenagers rescues her, and she learns the real reason for her perfect health: PharmPerfect is using her foster program as a replacement factory for their pill-addicted clients' failing organs. And her friends from the center, the only family she's ever known, are next in line to be harvested.Determined to save them, Tabitha joins forces with her rescuers, led by moody and mysterious Gavin Stiles. As they race to infiltrate the hospital and uncover the rest of PharmPerfect's secrets, though, Tabitha finds herself with more questions than answers. Will trusting the enigmatic group of rebels lead her back to the slaughterhouse?
16309813	STABILITY	They called her Water Claire. When she washed up on their shore, no one knew that she came from a society where emotions and colors didn't exist. That she had become a Vessel at age thirteen. That she had carried a Product at age fourteen. That it had been stolen from her body. Claire had a son. But what became of him she never knew. What was his name? Was he even alive? She was supposed to forget him, but that was impossible. Now Claire will stop at nothing to find her child, even if it means making an unimaginable sacrifice.Sonthrusts readers once again into the chilling world of the Newbery Medal winning book, The Giver, as well as Gathering Blueand Messengerwhere a new hero emerges. In this thrilling series finale, the startling and long-awaited conclusion to Lois Lowry's epic tale culminates in a final clash between good and evil.
17561258	BELONGING	Cheerleading madness!Jessica Wakefield finally meets her match when beautiful Heather Mallone moves to town. Not only is Heather glamorous and popular, she's also the best cheerleader Sweet Valley High has ever seen! She has big plans for the squad, including stealing Jessica's role as captain. Outraged at the idea of sharing the spotlight, Jessica starts the biggest feud in cheerleading history.Elizabeth Wakefield should be happy that Jessica is falling in love with Ken Matthews, but instead she tries to keep them apart. Is Elizabeth really in love with her boyfriend, Todd Wilkins - or is she harboring a secret passion for Ken?The first title in a fabulous three-part mini-series... Will the Sweet Valley cheerleaders make it to the top?
23524576	INDEPENDENCE	Escape from a bullying mother takes one young woman to an even more dangerous place.Alice Angel has known only a life of rules, restriction and punishments as she strays from the rigid path of Victorian proprietary that her mother has set out for her. A constant disappointment to all but her doting father, she longs for the day that she might break free from the stifling atmosphere of her mother's rule.After a chance encounter with a charming stranger, and a final incident with her family that sees her condemned to the madhouse, Alice sees her opportunity to run and grasps it with both hands. She escapes to join the Agapemonites in their Abode of Love, where ex-Reverend Henry Prince rules his isolated colony of women as their Beloved. Prince ignites a passion in Alice that she never knew existed, and she dares to think she might be free at last.But as Alice becomes more deeply drawn into the life of Prince's strange religious sect, secrets are revealed that seem to hint at a darker nature lurking behind the man's charm. Instead of freedom, is Alice in fact more trapped, alone and in danger than ever before?
35052659	MASTERY	"You think you have it all figured out, Max, but this isn't your game anymore."Max Weston knows that life is a game: Turn on the charm, say what people want to hear, and whatever youwant is yours for the taking. What do a few lies matter if everyone ends up happy? His best friend, Davey, can't look a cute girl in the eye and barely scrapes by in school, so yeah, Max hassles him sometimes. But he always has the guy's back--even when a strange beast attacks Davey in the woods.As Davey heals, something awakens inside him. Something with razor-sharp teeth, vicious reflexes, and no patience for Max's ploys. Suddenly Davey is challenging Max, getting smarter, stronger, faster--and harder to control. Max plunges into a series of schemes to save his friend, but with each move he makes, Davey lashes back twice as hard. The monster inside him is calling the shots now, and the game itwants to play has deadly consequences for everyone Max loves.If Max forfeits, he's giving up on his best friend. But winning might mean losing even more.Teen Wolfmeets Pretty Little Liarsin this edge-of-your-seat supernatural thriller.
4751152	INDEPENDENCE	There is a life after death, but only for the terminally cool. . . .Jo-Jo Dyas doesn't believe he has any reason to live, but then he finds the surprisingly lively dead girl in the culvert and she convinces him otherwise. She and her punk band, the Fiendish Lot, come from the Afterlife, a strange, colorless place where souls sometimes pause on the journey between this world and the next. When Jo-Jo follows her there, he gets a chance to make right all the things that have gone wrong in his life . . . but only if he can figure out how before he fades away into nothing. Maybe the answer lies in Jo-Jo's late-breaking realization: Being alive is kind of cool.Rude, raw, and blisteringly funny, Andrew Auseon's new novel is like one of those insanely catchy songs that you can't forget and won't want to. So pay attention: The afterlife you save may be your own.
6948683	MASTERY	Cecelia looks like a peasant girl and lives in a village so small that it's not even on the map. But she knows that secretly, she is the true princess, hidden away as a baby to be kept safe from the enemies of the kingdon. A commoner named Desmia was placed on the throne as a decoy. Cecelia has always known that when it was safe, she would be taken out of hiding and returned to her rightful place on the throne.Then danger finds her in her village, and Cecelia has to act. With the help of her best friend Harper, she decides to take matters into her own hands, relieve Desmia of the the crown, and take up her own rule. But when they venture from their small village to the capital city and into the famed Palace of Mirrors, Harper and Cecelia discover that all is not as it seems, and that they have placed themselves in more danger than ever before.
16126688	MASTERY	The day I turned 16, my boyfriend-to-be died. I brought him back to life. Then things got a little weird...Molly Bartolucci wants to blend in, date hottie Rick and keep her zombie-raising abilities on the down-low. Then the god Anubis chooses her to become a reaper--and she accidentally undoes the work of another reaper, Rath. Within days, she's shipped off to the Nekyia Academy, an elite boarding school that trains the best necromancers in the world. And her personal reaping tutor? Rath.Life at Nekyia has its pluses. Molly has her own personal ghoul, for one. Rick follows her there out of the blue, for another...except, there's something a little off about him. When students at the academy start to die and Rath disappears, Molly starts to wonder if anything is as it seems. Only one thing is certain--Molly's got an undeadly knack for finding trouble....
2574575	BELONGING	Isabelle Lee has a problem, and it's not just Ape Face, her sister, or group therapy for an eating disorder, or even that her father died and her mother is depressed and in denial. It's that Ashley, the most popular girl in school, is inviting Isabelle to join her at lunch and at sleepovers at her house, and this is presenting Isabelle with a dilemma. Pretty Ashley has moved Isabelle up the social ladder, but is it worth keeping the secret they share?Caught in the orbit of popularity and appearances, Isabelle must navigate a world with mixed messages, false hopes, and potentially harmful turns, while coping with her own flailing family and emotions. The author brings a depth of characterization, humor, and a real adolescent's voice to this multileveled story about the desire to be perfect in an imperfect world.
18396295	STABILITY	From bestselling and award winning author, Sibel Hodge, comes a inspirational coming of age novel...Most sixteen-year-old girls are obsessed with their looks, but Jazz Hooper's obsessed for a different reason. After a car accident that kills her mum, Jazz is left with severe facial scars and retreats into a dark depression.Fearing what will happen if Jazz doesn't recover, her dad makes a drastic decision to move them from England to a game reserve in Kenya for a new start. And when Jazz finds an orphaned leopard cub, it sets off a chain of events that lead her on a two year journey of discovery, healing, and love."A percentage of the royalties from the sale of this book will be contributed to Panthera, a leading international conservation organization dedicated to protecting and preserving the world's big cats, plus other wildlife conservation groups." -- Sibel Hodge, Author
18247973	BELONGING	When Joe Beck, a fifteen-year-old suburban kid, gets lost in a disreputable neighborhood on his way to an appointment in London, he is struck dumb by his first sight of beautiful and seemingly innocent Candy. She talks with him, teases him, but reveals nothing about herself except her phone number. Later they have a perfect day at the London Zoo, and soon Joe is as addicted to Candy as she is to heroin, in spite of the threats of her menacing pimp Iggy. Almost nothing matters except his desire to free her from her terrible life-- not his band's chance for a recording contract, not the song he has written for her that has become a hit without him. But there is something that still matters to him, and when he rescues the young prostitute from her sordid rooming house and takes her into hiding to sweat out her addiction, Iggy finds and uses that one thing that is stronger than Joe's passion for Candy, in a heart-thumping, breathless conclusion.
851345	MASTERY	Teenage superspy Alex Rider is enlisted by the national security services again - this time for a routine reconnaissance mission at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships.But before long, Alex finds himself caught up in a terrifying chain of events that leads from the Chinese Triad gangs in London to an undercover assignment in Cuba. Alex begins to make chilling links between suspicious deaths, an illegal nuclear weapons deal and the plans of his host, Russian General Sarov, for the future of the world...
127423	INDEPENDENCE	Thirteen-year-old Casey's mother always said that Casey's sixteen-year-old sister marched to the beat of a different drummer. But it isn't until Briana runs away with an older boy that Casey begins to understand what her mother meant. When Briana returns home alone and pregnant, Casey and her mother try to help Briana come to terms with her options.It was already complicated to think about Briana's choices and then things change suddenly again. When Briana is in a serious accident, Casey's mother sees things one way. Although Casey understands her mother's reaction, she feels she must try to convince her mother to make a different decision. Casey needs to grow up fast and do what she can to maintain Briana's legacy. Will she be able to make her mother understand that there is only one way to accept Briana's gift?
34546914	INDEPENDENCE	Being a bastard blows...Tilla knows this all too well. Her father, Lord Kent of the Western Province, loved her as a child, but cast her aside as soon as he had trueborn children. At sixteen, Tilla spends her days exploring long-forgotten tunnels beneath the castle with her stable hand half-brother, Jax, and her nights drinking with the servants, passing out on Jax's floor while her castle bedroom collects dust. Tilla secretly longs to sit by her father's side, resplendent in a sparkling gown, enjoying feasts with the rest of the family. Instead, she sits with the other bastards, like Miles of House Hampstedt, an awkward scholar who's been in love with Tilla since they were children. Then, at a feast honouring the visiting princess Lyriana, the royal shocks everyone by choosing to sit at the Bastards' Table. Before she knows it, Tilla is leading the sheltered princess on a late-night escapade. Along with Jax, Miles, and fellow bastard Zell, a Zitochi warrior from the north, they stumble upon a crime they were never meant to witness.Rebellion is brewing in the west, and a brutal coup leaves Lyriana's uncle, the Royal Archmagus, dead - with Lyriana next on the list. The group flees for their lives, relentlessly pursued by murderous mercenaries; their own parents have put a price on their heads to prevent the king and his powerful Royal Mages from discovering their treachery. The bastards band together, realizing they alone have the power to prevent a civil war that will tear their kingdom apart - if they can warn the king in time. And if they can survive the journey...
301952	MASTERY	"Anna Cayne had moved here in August, just before our sophomore year in high school, but by February she had, one by one, killed everyone in town."Anna--who prefers to be called Anastasia--is a slightly spooky and complicated high school girl with a penchant for riddles, Houdini tricks, and ghost stories. She spends much of her time writing obituaries for every living person in town. She is unlike anyone the narrator has ever known, and they make an unlikely, though happy, pair.Then a week before Valentine's Day, Anna disappears, leaving behind only a dress placed neatly near a hole in the frozen river, and a string of unanswered questions. Desperate to find her, or at least to comprehend what happened and why, the narrator begins to reconstruct the past five months. And soon the fragments of curious events, intimate conversations, secrets, and peculiar letters (and the anonymous messages that continue to arrive) coalesce into haunting and surprising revelations that may implicate friends, relatives, and even Anna herself.
23287180	BELONGING	The first two books of Katherine Applegate and Michael Grant's beloved series about New England's most unforgettable teens-now available in one volume!Two years ago the tiny New England community on Chatham Island was rocked by tragedy--three teenagers had a terrible accident that left one dead. Now Lucas Cabral, the person responsible for the events on that fateful night, has returned. But life on the island isn't the same, and everyone Lucas once considered a friend refuses to speak to him. Everyone except for Zoey Passmore. As Lucas and Zoey grow closer, Zoey risks tearing apart her close-knit group of friends if they discover the truth . . . that she's falling for her boyfriend's worst enemy.Now with a stunning new package, another generation of readers will be swept away by the romance, secrets, and betrayals of this close knit group of friends.
13026499	MASTERY	The electric finale in New York Times bestselling author Lili St. Crow's Strange Angels series!Nobody expected Dru Anderson to survive this long. Not Graves. Not Christophe. Not even Dru. She's battled killer zombies, jealous djamphirs, and bloodthirsty suckers straight out of her worst nightmares. But now that Dru has bloomed into a fullfledged svetocha--rare, beautiful, and toxic to all vampires--the worst is yet to come. Because getting out alive is going to cost more than she's ever imagined. And in the end, is survival really worth the sacrifice?Dru Anderson's not afraid of the dark.But she should be.
688088	INDEPENDENCE	It started out as an innocent day for Martin, but it quickly turned into his worst nightmare-arrested for something he didn't even mean to do. And five months later, he is still locked up in jail on Rikers Island. Just when things couldn't get worse, Martin gets caught in a fight between two prisoners, and his face is slashed. He's scarred forever, but one good thing comes from the attack-Martin is transferred to a part of Rikers where inmates must attend high school. When he meets his caring and understanding teacher, will Martin open up and learn from his situation? Or will he be consumed by prison and getting revenge on his attackers?
6555179	INDEPENDENCE	Maya's Green Tip for the Day: Recycled fashion is one of the most fun ways to go green. A pair of jeans could be transformed into a denim skirt. A sweater into a vest. A bunch of old ties into a dress. A blanket into a poncho. Accessorize it in new way-with beads, buttons, appliques, buckles, stencils, or ribbons...your imagination is only the limit. (65 words)Sixteen-year-old Maya Stark has a lot to sort through. She could graduate from high school early if she wants to. She's considering it, especially when popular cheerleader Vanessa Hartman decides to make her life miserable-and Maya's ex-boyfriend Dominic gets the wrong idea about everything.To complicate matters even more, Maya's mother will be released from prison soon, and she'll want Maya to live with her again. That's a disaster waiting to happen. And when Maya plays her dad's old acoustic guitar in front of an audience, she discovers talents and opportunities she never expected. Faced with new options, Maya must choose between a "normal" life and a glamorous one. Ultimately, she has to figure out what matters most.
11097360	INDEPENDENCE	When Dana is invited to Faerie to be officially presented at the Seelie Court, it's no easy decision. After all, everyone knows Titania, the Seelie Queen, wants her dead. But Titania claims not to be the one behind the death threats; and her son, Prince Henry, makes the decision a whole lot easier when he suggests Dana might be arrested for (supposedly) conspiring with her aunt Grace to usurp the Seelie throne. So she and her father better do as they're told . . . The journey through Faerie is long--and treacherous. Dana thoughtit would be a good idea to have friends along, but her sort-of-boyfriend, Ethan, and her bodyguard's son, Keane, just can't seem to get along, and Kimber's crush on Keane isn't making things any easier. When a violent attack separates Dana from their caravan, the sexy Erlking saves her just in the nick of time . . . and makes it clear that he hasn't given up on making her his own. Arriving at Titania's beautiful palace should be a relief. But Dana is soon implicated in an assassination attempt against Titania's granddaughter, and is suddenly a fugitive, forced to leave her father behind as she and her friends flee for their lives. Will she be able to prove her innocence before the forces of the Seelie Court--or, worse, the Erlking--catch up with her? And will she save her father before he pays the ultimate price in her stead?
49746	NONE	"A truly exceptional book."--Washington PostThere's bad news and good news about the Cutter High School swim team. The bad news is that they don't have a pool. The good news is that only one of them can swim anyway. Bestselling author Chris Crutcher's controversial and acclaimed novel follows a group of outcasts as they take on inequality and injustice in their high school."Crutcher's superior gifts as a storyteller and his background as a working therapist combine to make magic in Whale Talk. The thread of truth in his fiction reminds us that heroes can come in any shape, color, ability or size, and friendship can bridge nearly any divide."--Washington PostT.J. Jones hates the blatant preferential treatment jocks receive at his high school, and the reverence paid to the varsity lettermen. When he sees a member of the wrestling team threatening an underclassman, T.J. decides he's had enough. He recruits some of the biggest misfits at Cutter High to form a swim team. They may not have very much talent, but the All-Night Mermen prove to be way more than T.J. anticipated. As the unlikely athletes move closer to their goal, these new friends might learn that the journey is worth more than the reward. For fans of Andrew Smith, Sherman Alexie, and Matt de la Pena."Crutcher offers an unusual yet resonant mixture of black comedy and tragedy that lays bare the superficiality of the high-school scene. The book's shocking climax will force readers to re-examine their own values and may cause them to alter their perception of individuals pegged as 'losers.'"--Publishers WeeklyAn American Library Association Best Book for Young AdultsNew York Public Library Books for the Teen AgeFeatures a new afterword by Chris Crutcher.
16342491	INDEPENDENCE	You can't stop the future.You can't rewind the past.The only way to learn the secret . . . is to press play.Clay Jensen returns home from school to find a strange package with his name on it lying on his porch. Inside he discovers several cassette tapes recorded by Hannah Baker-his classmate and crush-who committed suicide two weeks earlier. Hannah's voice tells him that there are thirteen reasons why she decided to end her life. Clay is one of them. If he listens, he'll find out why.Clay spends the night crisscrossing his town with Hannah as his guide. He becomes a firsthand witness to Hannah's pain, and as he follows Hannah's recorded words throughout his town, what he discovers changes his life forever.
13492517	INDEPENDENCE	On one side of the Rift is a technological paradise without famine or want. On the other side is a mystery.Sixteen-year-old Glenn Morgan has lived next to the Rift her entire life and has no idea of what might be on the other side of it. Glenn's only friend, Kevin, insists the fence holds back a world of monsters and witchcraft, but magic isn't for Glenn. She has enough problems with reality: Glenn's mother disappeared when she was six, and soon after, she lost her scientist father to his all-consuming work on the mysterious Project. Glenn buries herself in her studies and dreams about the day she can escape. But when her father's work leads to his arrest, he gives Glenn a simple metal bracelet that will send Glenn and Kevin on the run---with only one place to go.With MAGISTERIUM, Jeff Hirsch brings us the story of a complex, captivating world that will leave readers breathless until the very last page.
34612414	INDEPENDENCE	This is an alternate Cover Edition for .Maggie Sloan is a free-spirited teenager growing up in rural Georgia. Unlike her peers, Maggie is a witch and so is her mother. In addition to normal teenager rites of passage, she must learn about her family lineage and witchcraft. Her mother, Laura, keeps a tight lid on their family secrets - like the mysterious life and death of her grandmother who passed away before Maggie was born.Practicing the craft will test solid friendships and introduce Maggie to new realms. While seeking the truth about herself and her family, Maggie is faced with danger from churchgoing classmates who will stop at nothing to make sure she is found out. Laura and Maggie strengthen their bond through witchcraft and work together to overcome their enemies. Are their magical gifts enough to keep them safe?
21865577	INDEPENDENCE	Jealousy, tragedy, survival, and revenge- the discovery of Christopher's diary in the ruins of Foxworth Hall brings new secrets of the Dollanganger family to light and obsesses a new generation. With Flowers in the Attic and Petals on the Wind both now major Lifetime TV events, this first new addition to the Dollanganger story in nearly thirty years is a timely look at the events in the attic- from teenage Christopher's point of view.Christopher Dollanganger was fourteen when he and his younger siblings-Cathy and the twins, Cory and Carrie-were locked away in the attic of Foxworth Hall, prisoners of their mother's greedy inheritance scheme. For three long years he kept hope alive for the sake of the others. But the shocking truth about how their ordeal affected him was always kept hidden-until now.Seventeen-year-old Kristin Masterwood is thrilled when her father's construction company is hired to inspect the Foxworth property for a prospective buyer. The once grand Southern mansion still sparks legends and half-truths about the four innocent Dollanganger children, even all these decades later. Foxworth holds a special fascination for Kristin, who was too young when her mother died to learn much about her distant blood tie to the notorious family.Accompanying her dad to the forbidden territory- they find a leather-bound book, its yellowed pages filled with the neat script of Christopher Dollanganger himself. Her father grows increasingly uneasy about her reading it, but as she devours the teen's story page by page, his shattering account of temptation, heartache, courage, and betrayal overtakes Kristin's every thought. And soon her obsession with the doomed boy crosses a dangerous line...
22263770	MASTERY	Thirteen-year-old Levi Middleworth insists he's got a Destiny, even if half the internet's tried to bully it out of him with a viral video. When a Hollywood executive in a trim green suit invites Levi to star on a reality TV show aboard a hi-tech pirate ship, Levi thinks his Destiny's finally come a knockin' a bit of fame is exactly what he needs to finally make some friends his eighth grade year. But almost as soon as they set sail, the games aboard the ship turn savage, and he and his new bud Holly must do everything they can to find themselves some Chums little round-headed autonomous toys since failing to do so means getting thrown to the sharks. With the help of Levi's long-lost television hero and a tech-savvy pirate crew, Levi has to rethink his quest for fame in an attempt to save himself, his fellow contestants, and every human being on the beach from a feeding frenzy of grisly proportions.
970497	MASTERY	Shelby Belgarden isn't exactly thrilled when people start thinking Greg is her boyfriend. After all, she's more interested in the athletic Nick Jarvis. But one day Greg suddenly becomes more interesting to Shelby -- though for all the wrong reasons: Shelby begins to suspect that Greg is responsible for the series of arsons that have occurred in her small New Brunswick town in recent weeks. After finding out that Greg and his father had moved to this town after their old home burnt down - with Greg's mother inside - Shelby finds Greg's gasoline-soaked mitten near the scene of the latest arson.Shelby launches her own investigation into the crimes. As she does, she becomes aware that whoever is responsible may have been a victim of sexual abuse.
18248345	MASTERY	In this dystopian sequel to The Forsaken, Alenna has survived the brutality of life on the wheel--and now she's going back for more.Alenna escaped. It was expected that she would die on the wheel, the island where would-be criminals are sent as directed by the UNA--the totalitarian supercountry that was once the United States, Mexico, and Canada. But Alenna and her boyfriend, Liam, made it to safety. Except safety, they will soon learn, is relative.In order to bring down the UNA, they must first gain control of the wheel. If the mission succeeds, the wheel will become a base of revolution. But between betrayals, a new Monk leading a more organized army of Drones, and the discovery of a previously unknown contingent, Alenna, Liam, and their allies might be in over their heads. One thing Alenna knows for sure: There will be a reckoning. And not everyone she loves will make it out alive.
12710036	INDEPENDENCE	Can strangers become sisters, a long-lost father become a dad, and can love really conquer all? The challenge is extreme-the stakes have never been higher. The fortune cookies tease her: You will lead a long and happy life. Those dumb things are never right.Chessie Madrid wants to fall in love, she wants to fly airplanes, and most of all she wants to live longer than 6752 days. With a fatal disease camped inside of her wreaking havoc since she turned sixteen, the doctor's predictions are far more sinister. Preparing for death is a total drag.Instead, Chessie makes a list of her deepest desires, keeping her impending demise a secret, and being pretend-well. When the list suddenly starts to come true, sending Chessie's life and everything in it reeling, it's a case of being careless what you wish for.With a new sister she's always dreamed of, a father who's a nightmare, and a lesson in love arriving all at once, Chessie makes her last wish the one that will matter most of all-to live or die trying.
30212072	STABILITY	A show-stopping middle-grade series about life in and out of the spotlight from Broadway stars and Internet sensations Andrew Keenan-Bolger and Kate Wetherhead.Two weeks at Camp Curtain-Up is just what Jack and Louisa need to fuel their passion for theater: Broadway musical sing-alongs, outdoor rehearsals, and tons of new MTNs (musical theater nerds) to meet... maybe even a special someone. It almost feels like fate when the two friends return home to find local auditions for "The Sound of Music." But as Louisa fantasizes about frolicking in the Alps, Jack gets tempted by a student-run drama competition that would reunite the two with their camp friends. Will Jack get Louisa to skip an audition? Can Lou handle Jack as her director? And will someone finally get a big, Broadway happy ending?
31145176	INDEPENDENCE	A dream traveler faces the greatest challenge she's yet encountered in this gripping third and final book of the Silver trilogy.The course of dream travel never did run smooth--at least, not in Liv Silver's experience. Able to visit other people's dreams (whether they want her to or not), Liv has solved mysteries, unearthed difficult truths, fought madmen, and escaped life-threatening peril, all from the comfort of her own bed. But Liv's troubles are just beginning.A rocky romance, a malicious blogger with a hidden identity, a wedding, and a classmate (or two) dead-set on revenge all await Liv in this action-packed conclusion to the Silver trilogy.
34681931	INDEPENDENCE	Grace Freeman is ready to die-in fact, she's done it 41 times. Trouble is, she keeps waking up to the same inescapable nightmare, Falling from parallel world to parallel world.In every universe, Grace has a different life and a different body. She's never alone though because Ander Hale is always with her. No matter what Grace looks like or who Ander ends up being, they always find each other. Of course, Finn always finds them too. No matter how far Ander and Grace run, Finn always hunts them down and they always die. A threesome locked together for a terrifying eternity.Until now. Because during this Fall, Ander doesn't remember Grace, her family is back together, and her twin brother is alive. But Finn is still there, still coming for them. And this Fall, Grace will have to find a way to stop him alone. But stopping Finn will mean confronting her past, and the harder Grace tries to remember what actually happened before all this began, the more she's unraveling. What if everything Grace thought was true is made up? What if every memory of the boy she loves never happened? What if Finn is actually trying to save them both? And what if the nightmare is hiding something so much worse . . .
18280767	BELONGING	What does it take to recover from tragedy? This masterful Judy Blume novel has a fresh new look.Davey Wexler has never felt so alone. Her father has just been killed--shot in a holdup at the 7-Eleven near their home. And now her mother has transplanted her and her little brother, Jason, to Los Alamos, New Mexico, to stay with family and recover.But Davey is withdrawn, full of rage and fear and loneliness. Then one day, while exploring a canyon, she meets an older boy who calls himself Wolf. Wolf is the only one who understands her--the only one who can read her sad eyes. And he is the one who helps her realize that she must find a way to move forward with her life.Davey is one of Judy Blume's most hauntingly true human beings, capturing the deep ways a person can change that can't be seen--only felt. Her story has been felt, deeply, by readers for decades.
754822	INDEPENDENCE	Anne Shirley has left Redmond College behind to begin a new job and a new chapter of her life away from Green Gables. Now she faces a new challenge: the Pringles. They're known as the royal family of Summerside--and they quickly let Anne know she is not the person theyhad wanted as principal of Summerside High School. But as she settles into the cozy tower room at Windy Poplars, Anne finds she has great allies in the widows Aunt Kate and Aunt Chatty--and in their irrepressible housekeeper, Rebecca Dew. As Anne learns Summerside's strangest secrets, winning the support of the prickly Pringles becomes only the first of her delicious triumphs.
25582556	INDEPENDENCE	Ever since the Titans first appeared in her Detroit neighborhood, Astrid Sullivan's world has revolved around the mechanical horses. She and her best friend have spent countless hours watching them and their jockeys practice on the track. It's not just the thrill of the race. It's the engineering of the horses and the way they're programmed to seem so lifelike. The Titans are everything that fascinates Astrid, and nothing she'll ever touch.She hates them a little, too. Her dad lost everything betting on the Titans. And the races are a reminder of the gap between the rich jockeys who can afford the expensive machines to ride, and the working class friends and neighbors of Astrid's who wager on them.But when Astrid's offered a chance to enter an early model Titan in this year's derby, well, she decides to risk it all. Because for a girl from the wrong side of the tracks, it's more than a chance at fame or money. Betting on herself is the only way she can see to hang on to everyone in the world she cares about.
25187640	MASTERY	On a continent ruled by three empires, some are born with a "witchery," a magical skill that sets them apart from others.In the Witchlands, there are almost as many types of magic as there are ways to get in trouble--as two desperate young women know all too well.Safiya is a Truthwitch, able to discern truth from lie. It's a powerful magic that many would kill to have on their side, especially amongst the nobility to which Safi was born. So Safi must keep her gift hidden, lest she be used as a pawn in the struggle between empires.Iseult, a Threadwitch, can see the invisible ties that bind and entangle the lives around her--but she cannot see the bonds that touch her own heart. Her unlikely friendship with Safi has taken her from life as an outcast into one of reckless adventure, where she is a cool, wary balance to Safi's hotheaded impulsiveness.Safi and Iseult just want to be free to live their own lives, but war is coming to the Witchlands. With the help of the cunning Prince Merik (a Windwitch and ship's captain) and the hindrance of a Bloodwitch bent on revenge, the friends must fight emperors, princes, and mercenaries alike, who will stop at nothing to get their hands on a Truthwitch.
787663	BELONGING	APRIL HAD ALWAYS FELT LIKE AN OUTSIDER.Her older sister Brenda was tall, athletic, competitive, and sure of herself. But April Taylor was short, sensitive, and overweight -- and she couldn't bounce back from their father's cutting criticisms the way Brenda did. April didn't know why their once-loving dad had become a coldhearted monster, but she was sure it had something to do with her. And she could see how his cruel behavior was tearing away at her gentle mother. But a glimmer of happiness returns when Brenda brings home her college roommate: beautiful, bewitching Celia. And April wonders if she might not be so different from Brenda after all....
35289599	BELONGING	From USA Todaybestselling author, Jillian Dodd, and her daughter, Kenzie Harp, comes a travel romance that will take you on the adventure of a lifetime.NYC fashion blogger, Camille Caldwell, gets offered a dream job by her favorite magazine. They're going to send her on an all-expenses paid eco-trip to Costa Rica. She doesn't know what that means, but she assumes she'll wear fabulous clothes, sip Pina Coladas on the beach, and have her photo taken "out in nature." Really, the hardest part of the assignment will be giving up social media while she's gone.Going off social media is no big deal for London-based wildlife photographer, Adam Lloyd. The only reason he even has an account is to share his photos with the world. He's thrilled when an international publication wants to hire him, until he finds out it's a fashion magazine. He decides to take the job anyway--after all, it will be great for his portfolio. But the minute he sees Camille, he knows it was a mistake. She has too much luggage, is too high maintenance, and way too pretty.When they meet, their feelings are mutual--they hate each other. Can these two stop fighting long enough to complete their assignment? Will Camille give up and go home when she discovers there's nowhere to plug in her hair straightener?Or will they both realize that sometimes you have to go off the grid to find yourself?***10% of our profits will be donated to the Sea Turtle Conservancy. It is the oldest sea turtle research and conservation group. It was founded in 1959 by Dr. Archie Carr. Their headquarters are in Florida, but they have programs worldwide that work to conserve sea turtle populations through education, research, advocacy, and protection of natural habitats. They also have a research station in Tortuguero, Costa Rica which was one of the places they visited in the book.
33224598	BELONGING	Nik Gustafsson has a secret: He's not really Nik Gustafsson.He's not a spy. He's not crazy.He's just the son and heir to one of the most important families in Europe--one where duty always comes first. And his posh, too-public life is suffocating him. So when he gets the chance to attend boarding school in America, pretending to be an average exchange student is too big of a temptation to pass up.Then he literally runs into Amber on campus. And she hates him at first sight.It's kind of exhilarating to be hated for who he is, not for his family name or his wealth. Maybe if he turns up the charm and turns down the aloof mask he habitually wears, he can win her over. Even though a bad past experience has made her swear off dating this year.But the more he gets to know her, the more uncomfortable he is keeping things from her.Because Nik Gustafsson has a secret. And it's a big one.Disclaimer: This Entangled Teen Crush book contains a hot boy who's the strong and silent type, a studious girl who refuses to believe in fairy-tale romance, and one epic secret that could be disastrous if it comes to light.
1962363	BELONGING	"Alex Peter Gregory, you are a moron!" Laurie slammed her palms down on my desk and stomped her foot. I get a lot of that.One car crash.One measly little car crash. And suddenly, I'm some kind of convicted felon.My parents are getting divorced, my dad is shacking up with my third-grade teacher, I might be in love with a girl who could kill me with one finger, and now I'm sentenced to babysit some insane old guy.What else could possibly go wrong?This is the story of Alex Gregory, his guitar, his best gal pal Laurie, and the friendship of a lifetime that he neverwould have expected.
32058729	INDEPENDENCE	Wendy doesn't remember anything about Neverland--or the experiments done on her there as a child. Seven years later, all she wants is a normal life, but shape-shifting shadows plague her dreams and turn her life into a waking nightmare. When the shadows attack at a football game and a boy disappears right in front of her, she realizes these wraith-like shadows are real. They're not just haunting--they're hunting.A mysterious boy named Peter, his foul-mouthed sidekick, and a band of misfit boys intervene before Wendy faces a similar fate. But can they trust Wendy enough to take her to Neverwood Academy and reveal all of their hidden secrets when she's hiding a secret of her own, or will the dreaded Red Skulls find her and drag her back to Neverland?
29414515	STABILITY	An emotionally-charged new classic about the science of hope, love, and miracles! Natalie's uplifting story of using the scientific method to "save" her mother from depression is sure to take root in readers' hearts! How do you grow a miracle? For the record, this is not the question Mr. Neely is looking for when he says everyone in class must answer an important question using the scientific method. But Natalie's botanist mother is suffering from depression, so this is The Question that's important to Natalie. When Mr. Neely suggests that she enter an egg drop competition, Natalie has hope.Eggs are breakable. Hope is not. Natalie has a secret plan for the prize money. She's going to fly her mother to see the Cobalt Blue Orchids--flowers that survive against impossible odds. The magical flowers are sure to inspire her mother to love life again. Because when parents are breakable, it's up to kids to save them, right?An extraordinary story about the coming-of-age moment when kids realize that parents are people, too, and that talking about problems is like taking a plant out of a dark cupboard and giving it light. Think THE FOURTEENTH GOLDFISH meets THE THING ABOUT JELLYFISH.
13540881	MASTERY	Haven Terra is still recovering from an internship that brought her literally to the brink of hell when a trip to New Orleans leads to more trouble. Graduating early from high school leaves the spring semester free, so Haven and her friends Dante and Lance head to the Big Easy to volunteer with community service projects. But their true mission becomes clear when they run across an enclave of devils known as the Krewe. New Orleans is a free-for-all for these shape-shifting devils, who are more reckless and vicious than any Haven, Lance, and Dante have encountered. And they soon discover their French Quarter housemates are also angels-in-training, and together they must face off with the Krewe in their quest for wings. But Haven's resolve is tested when Lucian, the repentant devil with whom she was infatuated, resurfaces and asks her for help escaping the underworld. Can he be trusted? Or will aiding him cost Haven her angel wings--and her life? Thrilling, romantic, and full of surprises, this gripping sequel to Illuminate takes the battle of good and evil to the next level.
18214198	BELONGING	For sixteen year old Peyton Lane, life has never been easy. She's not popular, overweight, and oh yeah, her sister is embarrassed of her. But over the course of a tumultuous year, everything changes for Peyton. Suddenly all eyes are on her and it's not because she's fat. From a pair of handsome twins to a couple of dangerously sexy rockers, Peyton will have to find out who she can trust with her heart. From the ups and downs to the twists and turns--this is Peyton's story of finding one's voice and growing into your own.This is a coming of age romance that involves realistic situations and raw emotions.
24965166	INDEPENDENCE	A captivating and profound debut novel about complicated love and the friendships that have the power to transform you forever, perfect for fans of The Perks of Being a Wallflower.Mira is starting over at Saint Francis Prep. She promised her parents she would at least try to pretend that she could act like a functioning human this time, not a girl who can't get out of bed for days on end, who only feels awake when she's with Sebby.Jeremy is the painfully shy art nerd at Saint Francis who's been in self-imposed isolation after an incident that ruined his last year of school. When he sees Sebby for the first time across the school lawn, it's as if he's been expecting this blond, lanky boy with mischief glinting in his eye.Sebby, Mira's gay best friend, is a boy who seems to carry sunlight around with him. Even as life in his foster home starts to take its toll, Sebby and Mira together craft a world of magic rituals and impromptu road trips, designed to fix the broken parts of their lives.As Jeremy finds himself drawn into Sebby and Mira's world, he begins to understand the secrets that they hide in order to protect themselves, to keep each other safe from those who don't understand their quest to live for the impossible.
32098198	INDEPENDENCE	Wendy doesn't remember anything about Neverland--or the experiments done on her there as a child. Seven years later, all she wants is a normal life, but shape-shifting shadows plague her dreams and turn her life into a waking nightmare. When the shadows attack at a football game and a boy disappears right in front of her, she realizes these wraith-like shadows are real. They're not just haunting--they're hunting.A mysterious boy named Peter, his foul-mouthed sidekick, and a band of misfit boys intervene before Wendy faces a similar fate. But can they trust Wendy enough to take her to Neverwood Academy and reveal all of their hidden secrets when she's hiding a secret of her own, or will the dreaded Red Skulls find her and drag her back to Neverland?
27845662	INDEPENDENCE	In this latest novel from National Book Award finalist Martine Leavitt, a schizophrenic teen believes that Bill Watterson can save him from his illness if he creates one more Calvin & Hobbes comic strip.Seventeen-year-old Calvin has always known his fate is linked to the comic book character from Calvin & Hobbes. He was born on the day the last strip was published; his grandpa left a stuffed tiger named Hobbes in his crib; and he even has a best friend named Susie. As a child Calvin played with the toy Hobbes, controlling his every word and action, until Hobbes was washed to death. But now Calvin is a teenager who has been diagnosed with schizophrenia, Hobbes is back--as a delusion--and Calvin can't control him. Calvin decides that if he can convince Bill Watterson to draw one final comic strip, showing a normal teenaged Calvin, he will be cured. Calvin and Susie (and Hobbes) set out on a dangerous trek across frozen Lake Erie to track him down.
17027870	BELONGING	Quiet misfit Rose doesn't expect to fall in love with the sleepy beach town of Leonora. Nor does she expect to become fast friends with beautiful, vivacious Pearl Kelly, organizer of the high school float at the annual Harvest Festival parade. It's better not to get too attached when Rose and her father live on the road, driving their caravan from one place to the next whenever her dad gets itchy feet. But Rose can't resist the mysterious charms of the town or the popular girl, try as she might.Pearl convinces Rose to visit Edie Baker, once a renowned dressmaker, now a rumored witch. Together Rose and Edie hand-stitch an unforgettable dress of midnight blue for Rose to wear at the Harvest Festival--a dress that will have long-lasting consequences on life in Leonora, a dress that will seal the fate of one of the girls. Karen Foxlee's breathtaking novel weaves friendship, magic, and a murder mystery into something moving, real, and distinctly original.
18163382	BELONGING	Here are the numbers of Ann Galardi's life:She is 16.And a size 17.Her perfect mother is a size 6.Her Aunt Jackie is getting married in 10 weeks, and wants Ann to be her bridesmaid.So Ann makes up her mind: Time to lose 45 pounds (more or less) in 2 1/2 months.Welcome to the world of infomercial diet plans, wedding dance lessons, embarrassing run-ins with the cutest guy Ann's ever seen---and some surprises about her NOT-so-perfect mother.And there's one more thing. It's all about feeling comfortable in your own skin---no matter how you add it up!
18000615	MASTERY	Continuation of the worldwide hit Violet Eden ChaptersLove will kill us all.Angels are real. They aren't always kind. Violet Eden is certain of all this because she is Grigori - part angel, part human. She has felt the influence of both light and dark.When Hell unleashes its worst, Violet must embrace every facet of her angel self to save the people she cares about and the world as she knows it. But death is not the worst thing that Violet will face. For her, the endless question 'Can love conquer all?' will finally be answered.
9266799	NONE	Pink Smog, the long-awaited prequel to Francesca Lia Block's groundbreaking novel Weetzie Bat, was praised as "an intoxicating mix of mystery, fantasy, and romance" by ALA Booklistin a starred review. Weetzie Batis one of the seminal young adult novels of the '90s and continues to be an iconic treasure for teens everywhere. Now Pink Smogreintroduces a whole new generation to the eponymous Weetzie Bat--before she was Weetzie. Against the backdrop of a Los Angeles teeming with magical realism, Louise Bat struggles to find a way to deal with life after her father's unceremonious departure.Longtime fans and newfound readers alike will fall in love with Francesca Lia Block's beautifully crafted and brutally honest world. Maggie Stiefvater, New York Timesbestselling author of The Raven Boys, proclaimed "Pink Smogsparkles and obscures; it's a glorious mirage, like the city it pays homage to."
13380138	MASTERY	Jesse Boone is a self-proclaimed bad boy and doesn't march to the beat of anyone's drum but his own. Growing up in less than desirable circumstances has made him no stranger to the hard knock life but his determination to leave it behind is fervent. He sees an opportunity to snag a college football scholarship when he's transferred to East Franklin High School but Forbes Henderson has other plans. The player Jesse intends to replace doesn't plan on giving up his spot as starting quarterback so a rivalry is born. Jesse is determined to show his nemesis that he's not only going to take his position as first string quarterback, he's going to take his girl, too.Claire Deveraux is perfection at its best. She's beautiful, intelligent, and unaware she just became Jesse Boone's conquest to settle a score with her boyfriend. Like her flawless performance as the perfect daughter and student, Claire's production of being the perfect girlfriend has everyone fooled, except Jesse Boone. She fears this tattooed bad boy will see her secret desire to explore his crude threats and promises of rocking her perfect world. If she decides to give in to one uninhibited moment with Jesse, will she learn too late that it was all an act of vengeance or will Jesse learn that the taste of first love is sweeter than that of revenge?Going Under is Book 1 of 2 in the Going Under Series but may be read as a stand alone. This is a second edition with new editing and added scenes.This is a mature young adult/new adult novel and recommended for readers 16+ due to sexual content.
25916811	NONE	Nachdem Maddie das Detention Center uberstanden hat, kehrt sie zuruck nach Hause. Von hier aus mochte sie den finalen Kampf gegen die Digital School ausfechten. Wahrend Justin viel durchs Land reist, schliesst sich Jax neu der Gruppe an. Nicht nur sein Wissen ist fur den Widerstand wertvoll; in brenzligen Situationen ist es mehrmals er, der Maddie hilft, nicht wieder in Gefangenschaft zu geraten.Eine Abstimmung uber das System der Digital School steht an und die Gegner moblisieren alle Krafte, um zu gewinnen. Doch konnen sie sich gegen die Ubermacht der Befurworter durchsetzen?Ein spannender Abschluss der Trilogie, mit vielen uberraschenden Wendungen.Band 3 der Trilogie rund um Maddie Freeman.
13614635	MASTERY	To survive in a ruined world, she must embrace the darkness...Allison Sekemoto survives in the Fringe, the outermost circle of a walled-in city. By day, she and her crew scavenge for food. By night, any one of them could be eaten. Some days, all that drives Allie is her hatred ofthemthe vampires who keep humans as blood cattle. Until the night Allie herself dies and becomes one of the monsters.Forced to flee her city, Allie must pass for human as she joins a ragged group of pilgrims seeking a legenda place that might have a cure for the disease that killed off most of civilization and created the rabids, the bloodthirsty creatures who threaten human and vampire alike. And soon Allie will have to decide whatand whois worth dying for...again.Enter Julie Kagawa's dark and twisted world as an unforgettable journey begins.
36423280	INDEPENDENCE	A cursed land. A tenacious sorcerer. A dagger-throwing princess out to prove her worth.Princess Melantha is done with court life. After suffering humiliation at her sister's wedding, she's determined to find her place outside palace walls and far away from fickle princes. Hearing rumors of a curse breakable only by a red-haired girl, she says goodbye to her eleven sisters and sets out on her own.But events don't unfold as planned, and she is caught up in a grueling journey through a distant kingdom with friends both old and new in a race for survival. When the one person she distrusts the most shows up unexpectedly and offers to help, Melantha must decide if she's willing to pay his price.Fantasy, romance, and adventure combine in the fairy tale-inspiredFirethorn Chronicles, an interconnected series of stand-alone novels drawn fromThe Twelve Dancing Princesses and other tales. Follow the sisters on their journeys in a land where sorcery is feared and dragons fly.
13322609	INDEPENDENCE	Shy Celia Balaustine is new to Suburban High, but a mysterious group of sophomores called the Rosary has befriended her. Friends aside, Celia soon discovers something is not quite right at Suburban. Girls at the school begin having near-fatal accidents on the eve of their sixteenth birthdays. Who is causing the accidents, and why? As Celia's own birthday approaches, she is inexorably drawn into an underground conflict between good and evil--the Kind and the Unkind--that bubbles beneath Suburban High. Plentiful references to music and art--along with the intriguing underworld mythology--make this supernatural series debut a page-turner.
23168806	BELONGING	The only thing worse than being a witch is living with one.Camellia's adopted mother wants Cam to grow up to be just like her. Problem is, Mom's a seriously wicked witch.Cam's used to stopping the witch's crazy schemes for world domination. But when the witch summons a demon, he gets loose--and into Devon, the cute new boy at school.Now Cam's suddenly got bigger problems than passing Algebra. Her friends are getting zombiefied. Their dragon is tired of hiding in the RV garage. For being a shy boy-band boy, Devon is sure kissing a bunch of girls. And a phoenix hidden in the school is going to explode on the night of the Halloween Dance.To stop the demon before he destroys Devon's soul, Cam might have to try a spell of her own. But if she's willing to work spells like the witch...will that mean she's wicked too?
13550994	STABILITY	Zoey is finally home where she belongs, safe with her Guardian Warrior, Stark, by her side, and preparing to face off against Neferet--which would be a whole lot easier if the High Counsel saw the ex-High Priestess for what she really is. Kalona has released his hold on Rephaim, and, through Nyx's gift of a human form, Rephaim and Stevie Rae are finally able to be together--if he can truly walk the path of the Goddess and stay free of his father's shadow...But there are new forces at work at the House of Night. An influx of humans, including Lenobia's handsome horse whisperer, threatens their precarious stability. And then there's the mysterious Aurox, a jaw-droppingly gorgeous teen boy who is actually more--or possibly less--than human. Only Neferet knows he was created to be her greatest weapon. But Zoey can sense the part of his soul that remains human, the compassion that wars with his Dark calling. And there's something strangely familiar about him...Will Neferet's true nature be revealed before she succeeds in silencing them all? And will Zoey be able to touch Aurox's humanity in time to protect him--and everyone--from his own fate? Find out what's destined in the next thrilling chapter of the House of Night series.
35233720	MASTERY	What if your mind became your worst enemy?Struggling with evolving psychic abilities, seventeen-year-old Anna Morgan and her equally exceptional friends are on the run from the ruthless Graham Cregg, leader of a covert operation known as the Delphi Project. Cregg has already killed repeatedly to test Anna's ability. Now, he and his father, a presidential contender, will stop at nothing to recapture the Delphi adepts, whom they see as weapons to be controlled--or destroyed.Navigating an increasingly hostile landscape, Anna and her friends form a resistance to rescue those still in the Creggs' fatal grip. As more gifted kids vanish and public awareness of the Delphi Project grows, so does the opinion that getting rid of the adepts may be a necessary evil.Yet even as they face off against cold-blooded killers, government operatives, and a public intensely afraid of their psychic powers, the greatest threat to Anna and the resistance may come from within themselves--and their own mysterious abilities could spell their ultimate downfall.
23519665	NONE	When it comes to love, time is all they need...Averie is terrified of anything remotely scary, but when she finds herself short of cash, she has no choice but to work on the catering staff at the creepy historic Faulkner mansion. The Faulkner Plantation was the site of a bloody massacre in the 1800s, and the event is an attempt to change its reputation. There's just one catch: the host has more in store than dinner. Soon Avery, along with a handsome guest named Quillan, is transported--back in time...It's one month before the massacre and Averie and Quillan must find the courage to do more than survive. Together, they must uncover the truth about the Faulkner family and try and stop the murders. But as Averie and Quillan grow closer, the stakes are higher than they expected. Will they be able to put their feelings aside to change the past--and find life, and love, in the place Averie fears the most?60.000 Words
9001561	STABILITY	Shay has had a rare blood disorder since she was born. In fact, her mother married one of Shay's doctors, Martin, who left his world-renowned leukemia research to try and figure out exactly what the disorder is and how to cure it. When she turns seventeen, Martin begins to give her new blood transfusions that make her feel the strongest she has ever felt. But she also has odd visions where she sees through the eyes of a vampire. At first, she thinks she must be imagining the visions, but when she begins to see Martin's office in them, she knows she has to check it out. That's when she finds Gabriel, a sexy, teenaged vampire, imprisoned in Martin's office. The connection she has built with Gabriel compels her to set him free. But when he kidnaps her in an attempt at revenge on Martin, their lives become deeply intertwined. She doesn't know the half of it.
26292467	BELONGING	From the author of Taking Flight comes a new young adult lesbian romance:High school junior Kayla and her two best friends have always been close. Even after Kayla becomes a cheerleader with a basketball star boyfriend, Riley falls in with the skaters, and Evan loses himself in school, the three remain dedicated to their promise to each other: to remain friends no matter what. But when a disastrous prom ends with Kayla single and her best friends dating, the strength of their bond will be tested. Because, as Kayla soon realizes, her feelings for Riley are more than just friendly. Dating a girl is something that's never crossed her mind before, but more than that, she can't bring herself to hurt Evan. As tension between the two girls grows, Kayla is forced to grapple with the fact that she might be bisexual, in love with Riley, and about to break their friendship apart.
13049897	NONE	Tristan Coleman has survived the change from Clann magic user to vampire, much to Savannah Colbert's joy--and despair. By changing the Clann's golden boy and newly elected leader, even to save him from death, she has unleashed a fury of hatred and fear that they cannot escape.As the Clann and the vampire council go to war, Tristan and Sav face a new threat--a fracturing of the all-consuming bond they share. To fight for peace, they must forge a new trust and risk everything to take down their deadliest enemy, even as they must run for their lives. Soon they will learn that some bonds are stronger than love--and some battles cannot be won without sacrifice.
19012155	INDEPENDENCE	[Find the sequel here: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2...Release date: January 1, 2016]Arman Lance was supposed to travel the galaxy with his father, not watch him die. He was supposed to experience the adventures from his father's stories, not isolate himself from the world. He was going to join the Embassy Program, fly across the galaxy, and find Ladia Purnell, a girl from another planet whom he loved years before.Clinging to his fading hopes and dreams, Arman joins the Embassy Program to fulfill that last promise. If he can reach Ladia, he'll never have to worry, never have to feel alone. But it doesn't take long for his plan to fall apart when he's confronted by his fellow Embassy recruit, Glacia Haverns, the ever-smiling adrenaline junkie who decides it's her job to show Arman there's more to life than chasing a desperate obsession.
7083149	BELONGING	A captivating and witty dark fantasy that will have girls lusting after it.Morgan Sparks has always known that she and her boyfriend, Cam, are made for each other. But when Cam's cousin Pip comes to stay with the family, Cam seems depressed. Finally Cam confesses to Morgan what's going on: Cam is a fairy. The night he was born, fairies came down and switched him with a healthy human boy. Nobody expected Cam to live, and nobody expected his biological brother, heir to the fairy throne, to die. But both things happened, and now the fairies want Cam back to take his rightful place as Fairy King.Even as Cam physically changes, becoming more miserable each day, he and Morgan pledge to fool the fairies and stay together forever. But by the time Cam has to decide once and for all what to do, Morgan's no longer sure what's best for everyone, or whether her and Cam's love can weather an uncertain future.From the Hardcover edition.
32574781	INDEPENDENCE	How can you hate someone in the present and love them in the past?Fliss's mum needs peace and quiet to recuperate from a long illness, so they both move to the countryside to live with Margot, Fliss's stern and bullying grandmother. Life on the farm is tough and life at school is even tougher, so when Fliss unearths Margot's wartime diary she sees an opportunity to get her own back,But Fliss soon discovers Margot's life during the evacuation was full of adventure, mystery ... and even passion. What's more, she learns a terrible secret that could tear her whole family apart...
6586512	BELONGING	THE TRANSFORMATIONBeth has always been "The Beast",that's what everyone at school calls her because of her awkward height, facial scars, and thick glasses. Beth's only friend is geeky, golden-haired Scott. That is, until she's selected to be her choir's soprano soloist, and receives the makeover that will change her life forever.THE LOVE AFFAIRWhen Beth's choir travels to Switzerland, she meets Derek: pale, brooding, totally dreamy. Derek's untethered passion,for music, and for Beth, leaves her breathless. Because in Derek's eyes? She's not The Beast, she's The Beauty.THE IMPOSSIBLE CHOICEWhen Beth comes home, Scott, her best friend in the world, makes a confession that leaves her completely torn. Should she stand by sweet, steady Scott or follow the dangerous, intense new feelings she has for Derek?THE HEARTBREAKThe closer Beth gets to Derek, the further away he seems. Then Beth discovers that Derek's been hiding a dark secret from her that could shatter everything.
10381283	MASTERY	Lia Kahn was perfect: rich, beautiful, popular--until the accident that nearly killed her. Now she has been downloaded into a new body that only looks human. Lia will never feel pain again, she will never age, and she can't ever truly die. But she is also rejected by her friends, betrayed by her boyfriend, and alienated from her old life.Forced to the fringes of society, Lia joins others like her. But they are looked at as freaks. They are hated... and feared. They are everything but human, and according to most people, this is the ultimate crime--for which they must pay the ultimate price.
23364532	BELONGING	In less than a second...... two of the things Cal Ryan cares most about--a promising baseball career and Lizzie, one of his best friends--are gone forever.In the hours that follow......Cal's damaged heart is replaced. But his life will never be the same.Everyone expects him to pick up the pieces and move on.But Lizzie is gone, and all that remains for Cal is an overwhelming sense that her death was his fault. And a voice in his head that just...won't...stop.Cal thought he and his friends could overcome any obstacle. But grief might be the one exception.And that might take a lifetime to accept...This is the ARC edition of ISBN13: 9780738744308 located .
23450265	BELONGING	"Edgy and honest, Faking Perfect is the real thing." -Huntley FitzpatrickWhen Lexi Shaw seduced Oakfield High's resident bad boy Tyler Flynn at the beginning of senior year, he seemed perfectly okay with her rules:1. Avoid her at school.2. Keep his mouth shut about what they do together.3. Never tease her about her friend (and unrequited crush) Ben.Because with his integrity and values and golden boy looks, Ben can never find out about what she's been doing behind closed doors with Tyler. Or that her mom's too busy drinking and chasing losers to pay the bills. Or that Lexi's dad hasn't been a part of her life for the last thirteen years. But with Tyler suddenly breaking the rules, Ben asking her out, and her dad back in the picture, how long will she be able to go on faking perfect?
23333025	INDEPENDENCE	Following his parents' ugly divorce, Jake Oliver chooses to move with his father to a remote corner of Connecticut. It is bad enough that their new home turns out to be a fenced-in dump in the middle of nowhere, but it seems that the previous owner, his dad's late Uncle Horace, had been the local crackpot ridiculed by the community for his belief that a Bigfoot roamed the vast woodland preserve that lay beyond the property.Not everything about Jake's new life is bad, though. His job at the local market is okay, and it doesn't hurt that his coworker is pretty Nell Davis. But when odd things start to happen, like weird calls in the dead of night, stones thrown by an unseen assailant, and lingering foul odors wafting on the breeze, Jake starts to believe that maybe old Horace wasn't so crazy after all.With Nell's help, Jake is determined to make a name for himself by proving to the world that the mythical Sasquatch is alive and well and living in the woods just on the other side of that fence.
15706933	INDEPENDENCE	FATHOMLESS is a companion book to SISTERS RED and SWEETLY, and is a retelling of Hans Christian Anderson's The Little Mermaid.Celia Reynolds is the youngest in a set of triplets, and the one with the least valuable power. Anne can see the future, Jane can see the present--therefore essentially read minds--and all Celia can do is see the past.Lo doesn't know who she is. Or who she was. Once a human, she is now almost entirely a creature of the sea--an undine, a nymph, a mermaid; all terms too pretty for the soulless creature she knows she's becoming. The other ocean girls, her "sisters," tell her there's only one way for her to earn her soul and humanity back--convince a mortal to love her, and steal his.Lo thinks a soul is within her grasp when she saves a guitarist, Jude, from drowning. When Celia intervenes, she accidentally reads Lo's past, calling out Lo's long-forgotten human name. The two forge a friendship, meeting by the shore to remember Lo's old life, to talk, to share secrets they'd never tell their "real" sisters.Yet remembering makes Lo more desperate than ever for a soul- and despite Jude's blossoming romance with Celia, she can't resist longing for his. Straddling the line between humanity and darkness, Lo struggles to find her place on either side, while Celia wonders just what she and her power have unleashed. But the sister you choose can be more powerful than those you're born with- in a fight against Lo's sisters and the waves themselves, Jude and Celia risk their lives to save Lo from her own darkness. But is a soulless, wanting existence better than none at all?
17614676	BELONGING	Just One Day. Just One Year. Just One Read.Before you find out how their story ends, remember how it began....When he opens his eyes, Willem doesn't know where in the world he is--Prague or Dubrovnik or back in Amsterdam. All he knows is that he is once again alone, and that he needs to find a girl named Lulu. They shared one magical day in Paris, and something about that day--that girl--makes Willem wonder if they aren't fated to be together. He travels all over the world, from Mexico to India, hoping to reconnect with her. But as months go by and Lulu remains elusive, Willem starts to question if the hand of fate is as strong as he'd thought. . . .The romantic, emotional companion to Just One Day, this is a story of the choices we make and the accidents that happen--and the happiness we can find when the two intersect.
66975	NONE	Alice senang banget setelah jadian dengan Patrick. Apalagi Pamela sahabatnya bilang hanya cewek kuper yang belum punya pacar saat masuk kelas tujuh. Awalnya sih memang asyik; Patrick jadi sering main ke rumahnya, dan mereka selalu nongkrong bareng sepanjang liburan musim panas. Patrick meneleponnya hampir setiap hari, mengajaknya makan es krim, mengajarinya main piano, dan memberinya bunga saat perasaan Alice lagi kacau. Mereka bahkan sempat main-main di pantai bareng. Pokoknya seru banget deh!!!Tapi lama-lama punya pacar tuh ternyata repot juga ya?! Alice terus-menerus cemas tentang berbagai hal, dari mulai masalah rambut, bau mulut, kado ultah yang cocok, sampai takut kelihatan tolol di depan Patrick saat cowok itu mengajaknya makan malam. Kayaknya waktu mereka berteman keadaannya nggak serumit ini deh. Alice jadi pusing. Di satu sisi dia pengin terus dekat sama Patrick, tapi di sisi lain dia mulai bete karena nggak bisa jadi diri sendiri. Patrick sebagai teman ternyata lebih asyik daripada Patrick sebagai pacar. Jadi Alice harus gimana dong?
17333239	BELONGING	"Is death the end . . . or only the beginning?"Ethan Wate has spent most of his life longing to escape the stiflingly small Southern town of Gatlin. He never thought he would meet the girl of his dreams, Lena Duchannes, who unveiled a secretive, powerful, and cursed side of Gatlin, hidden in plain sight. And he never could have expected that he would be forced to leave behind everyone and everything he cares about. So when Ethan awakes after the chilling events of the Eighteenth Moon, he has only one goal: to find a way to return to Lena and the ones he loves.Back in Gatlin, Lena is making her own bargains for Ethan's return, vowing to do whatever it takes -- even if that means trusting old enemies or risking the lives of the family and friends Ethan left to protect.Worlds apart, Ethan and Lena must once again work together to rewrite their fate, in this stunning finale to the Beautiful Creatures series.
7664345	INDEPENDENCE	Lena has lived her whole life near the beach - walking for miles up and down the shore and breathing the salty air, swimming in the cold water, and watching the surfers rule the waves - the problem is, she's spent her whole life just watching.As her sixteenth birthday approaches, Lena vows she will no longer watch from the sand: she will learn to surf.But her father - a former surfer himself - refuses to allow her to take lessons. After his near drowning years ago, he can't bear to let Lena take up the risky sport.Yet something keeps drawing Lena to the water... an ancient, powerful magic. And one morning Lena catches sight of this magic: a beautiful woman - with a silvery tail.Now nothing can stop Lena from seeking the mermaid, not even the dangerous waves at Magic Crescent Cove.And soon... what she sees in the mermaid's mirror will change her life forever.
14288005	MASTERY	Sixteen-year-old Finley Jayne and her "straynge band of mysfits" have journeyed from London to America to rescue their friend Jasper, hauled off by bounty hunters. But Jasper is in the clutches of a devious former friend demanding a trade--the dangerous device Jasper stole from him...for the life of the girl Jasper loves.One false move from Jasper and the strange clockwork collar around Mei's neck tightens. And tightens.From the rough streets of lower Manhattan to elegant Fifth Avenue, the motley crew of teens with supernatural abilities is on Jasper's elusive trail. And they're about to discover how far they'll go for friendship.More than ever, Finley Jayne will rely on powerful English duke Griffin King to balance her dark magic with her good side. Yet Griffin is at war with himself over his secret attraction to Finley...and will risk his life and reputation to save her. Sam, more machine than man, finds his moody heart tested by Irish lass Emily--whose own special abilities are no match for the darkness she discovers on the streets.Now, to help those she's come to care for so deeply, Finley Jayne must infiltrate a criminal gang. Only problem is, she might like the dark side a little too much....
28818217	NONE	Only women and girls are allowed in the Red Abbey, a haven from abuse and oppression. Thirteen-year-old novice Maresi arrived at the Abbey four years ago, during the hunger winter, and now lives a happy life under the protection of the Mother. Maresi spends her days reading in the Knowledge House, caring for the younger novices, and contentedly waiting for the moment when she will be called to serve one of the Houses of the Abbey.This idyllic existence is threatened by the arrival of Jai, a girl whose dark past has followed her into the Abbey's sacred spaces. In order to protect her new sister and her own way of life, Maresi must emerge from the safety of her books and her childish world and become one who acts.
17159918	NONE	"I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, then all at once."Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.Insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, The Fault in Our Stars is award-winning author John Green's most ambitious and heartbreaking work yet, brilliantly exploring the funny, thrilling, and tragic business of being alive and in love.** A thought-provoking love story from the New York Times bestselling author of Looking for Alaska, An Abundance of Katherines, Paper Towns and - with David Levithan - Will Grayson, Will Grayson.** John Green has over 2.6 million Twitter followers, and over 2.1 million subscribers to Vlogbrothers, the YouTube channel he created with his brother, Hank.** 'Electric . . . Filled with staccato bursts of humor and tragedy' - Jodi Picoult** 'A novel of life and death and the people caught in between, The Fault in Our Stars is John Green at his best. You laugh, you cry, and then you come back for more' - Markus Zusak, author of The Book Thief
13055677	BELONGING	Since the car crash that took her father's life three years ago, Emma's life has been a freaky -- and unending -- lesson in caution. Surviving "accidents" has taken priority over being a normal seventeen-year-old, so Emma spends her days taking pictures of life instead of living it. Falling in love with a boy was never part of the plan. Falling for a reaper who makes her chest ache and her head spin? Not an option.It's not easy being dead, especially for a reaper in love with a girl fate has put on his list not once, but twice. Finn's fellow reapers give him hell about spending time with Emma, but Finn couldn't let her die before, and he's not about to let her die now. He will protect the girl he loves from the evil he accidentally unleashed, even if it means sacrificing the only thing he has left...his soul.
19877735	MASTERY	'No good deed ever goes unpunished, Mellea...'Mellea Wendorn hasn't exactly had a normal life. Misfortune seems to follow her, and her family, wherever she goes.However, when Mellea stops to assist a mysterious young man suddenly her prior hardships seem trivial.His name is Leo. He is a Successor, a child of the Guardians of Selestia.He is royalty.He is handsome.And he wants Mellea completely to himself.Unable to escape the Guardian's laws, Mellea must learn the ways of the royals. She is convinced her life can't get much worse. But when a timeworn Guardian enemy arises from the shadows, Mellea must make a choice that will change her destiny forever.
33822691	MASTERY	After the Storm of the Century rips apart New Orleans, Adele Le Moyne and her father are among the first to return to the city following the mandatory evacuation. Adele wants nothing more than for life to return to normal, but with the silent city resembling a mold-infested war zone, a parish-wide curfew, and mysterious new faces lurking in the abandoned French Quarter, normal will have to be redefined.Events too unnatural - even for New Orleans - lead Adele to an attic that has been sealed for three hundred years, and the chaos she unleashes threatens not only her life but everyone she knows. Mother Nature couldn't drain the joie de vivre from the Big Easy, but someone or something is draining life from its residents.Caught suddenly in a hurricane of eighteenth-century myths and monsters, Adele must quickly untangle a web of magic that links the climbing murder rate back to her own ancestors. But who can you trust in a city where everyone has a secret, and where keeping them can be a matter of life and death - unless, that is, you're immortal.
11001256	MASTERY	In the earth-shattering final book of the Laws of Magic series, Aubrey goes deep into the lair of his enemy in an attempt to save the worldAubrey Fitzwilliam, renegade and traitor. Instead of clearing his name in Albion, Aubrey has chosen to pursue his enemy, Dr. Mordecai Tremaine, deep into the heart of enemy territory. What he uncovers in Dr. Tremaine's stronghold promises to change the course of the war and the future of humanity itself. A hideous combination of electrical science, golem manufacturing, and soul-shattering magic is bringing the world far closer to the edge of the abyss than anyone apart from Aubrey realizes. Alone, reviled, and hunted, this is Aubrey's last chance to save the world--for if he doesn't there might not be a world left to save.
17790500	MASTERY	Since he drowned, Henry has remained with the same group of teenagers and he keeps wondering why. After all, what could he possibly have in common with a Mohawk-sporting punker from the 80s, a roller skater from the 70s with a thing for kimonos, and an English "rocker" from the 60s? Add to that, Henry can hear the other groups but he never sees them. Soon, Henry learns that his new friends all possess unique skills for making themselves noticed by the living. Is Henry's group kept isolated because of their abilities? If so, are they considered gifted or seen only as a potential bad influence?Before Henry can reach any conclusions, he witnesses his sister being kidnapped. He knows who did it, where she's being held and what will happen if the kidnappers don't get what they want. As the police chase false leads, Henry comes to realize that he's his sister's only hope. But for Henry to even have a chance, he has to convince a group of teenagers that dead doesn't mean helpless.
12962924	STABILITY	Big-hearted Chloe Camden is the queen of her universe until her best friend shreds her reputation and her school counselor axes her junior independent study project. Chloe is forced to take on a meaningful project in order to pass, and so she joins her school's struggling radio station, where the other students don't find her too queenly. Ostracized by her former BFs and struggling with her beloved Grams's mental deterioration, lonely Chloe ends up hosting a call-in show that gets the station much-needed publicity and, in the end, trouble. She also befriends radio techie and loner Duncan Moore, a quiet soul with a romantic heart. On and off the air, Chloe faces her loneliness and helps others find the fun and joy in everyday life. Readers will fall in love with Chloe as she falls in love with the radio station and the misfits who call it home.
22231395	BELONGING	MadalynneLife can be cruel and unexpected, ripping your heart out when you least expect it. You never think it can be you and then it happens and you're left to pick up the pieces of your broken life. I was grieving, understandably so, each stage pushing me further and further from him. There was never a doubt in my mind that Parker and I were soul mates. No one had ever made me feel the way he did, and I don't want them to. Through all the hard times, he was there. Parker was the only person I could lean on, the only person I could talk to about my feelings. He pulled me out of my depression. He helped me see the light again.ParkerShe was hurting and I wanted to be there for her. When my brother Bo passed, I slipped into a deep depression, and even though I pushed Madalynne away at every turn, she never gave up on me. I owed her my life, and I wanted to spend the rest of mine making her happy. Even with our connections to others, my love for her never wavered. It was something embedded so deep inside my bones, she would always be a part of me. That's why I never gave up hope that somehow, someday, we would be together again.My Forever is the third book in the Infinite Love series.
29543164	INDEPENDENCE	In BEFORE DAWN (Book #1 of Vampire, Fallen), Kate, 17, hates her life. An outcast in her own family, who doesn't understand her, she is hated by her more popular and beautiful sister, and despised by her controlling mother, who favors her sister over her. Kate's only solace is her friends and her smarts. But even with that, her life seems destined for a dead-end--especially when her mother announces she will have to stay back from college to pay for her sister's tuition.But one day, all that changes. On her 17th birthday, one of the popular boys falls for her. At the same time, a mysterious new boy, Elijah, arrives at her school, and their connection is undeniable. All seems to be turning her way--when a terrible accident turns her life upside down.Kate is supposed to die. But on the verge of death, something happens, something which keeps her alive, which transforms her into something she was never meant to be. In the twilight between life and death, Kate becomes something no one has ever been before.
416256	STABILITY	Summer in the city...Jessica Wakefield is on the loose in the city that never sleeps! Her horrible memories of boot camp disappear when she's shopping at exclusive Madison Avenue boutiques and partying at wild downtown nightclubs. But will she give up the high life in order to help her sister?With the off-Broadway debut of her play just around the corner, Elizabeth Wakefield hasn't a nail left to chew--because her lead actress is a disaster! Can she convince Jessica to step in for opening night?Tom Watts has finally found the journalism job he's been dying for. But now his boss wants him to review Elizabeth's play! Will Tom find a way to give it a thumbs-up? Or will he be forced to report the cold, hard facts?Join Elizabeth, Jessica and their friends as they seek out new thrills and excitement during their summer break from Sweet Valley University.
13088309	MASTERY	This excerpt from Marissa Meyer's Cindercontains for the first five chapters. Cinderwill be available January 3, 2012. Humans and androids crowd the raucous streets of New Beijing. A deadly plague ravages the population. From space, a ruthless lunar people watch, waiting to make their move. No one knows that Earth's fate hinges on one girl.... Cinder, a gifted mechanic, is a cyborg. She's a second-class citizen with a mysterious past, reviled by her stepmother and blamed for her stepsister's illness. But when her life becomes intertwined with the handsome Prince Kai's, she suddenly finds herself at the center of an intergalactic struggle, and a forbidden attraction. Caught between duty and freedom, loyalty and betrayal, she must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect her world's future. Become a fan at: 
25165421	MASTERY	COMING MARCH 20TH, 2015.THE CONTINUATION OF THE BESTSELLING STORY.The apocalypse took everything from Elle: her family, her world and now...her friends.After escaping the ravaged streets of Los Angeles, Elle finds herself stranded alone in California when her friends are kidnapped by a new and dangerous enemy. Determined to rescue them from a horrible fate, Elle begins her trek across the unforgiving desert, into the mountains, and into Slaver Territory.All is not what it seems. Death lurks around every corner. Enemies are everywhere. With the help of a new and brave companion, Elle fights against all odds, clinging to hope and life.Day Zero is behind her. Day One is before her.The end of the world is just beginning.Book #2 in The Zero Trilogy, also a tie-in story to the international bestselling Collapse Series.
2026424	INDEPENDENCE	An exciting, eye-catching repackage of acclaimed author Walter Dean Myers' bestselling paperbacks, to coincide with the publication of SUNRISE OVER FALLUJA in hardcover.A coming-of-age tale for young adults set in the trenches of the Vietnam War in the late 1960s, this is the story of Perry, a Harlem teenager who volunteers for the service when his dream of attending college falls through. Sent to the front lines, Perry and his platoon come face-to-face with the Vietcong and the real horror of warfare. But violence and death aren't the only hardships. As Perry struggles to find virtue in himself and his comrades, he questions why black troops are given the most dangerous assignments, and why the U.S. is even there at all.
27424547	INDEPENDENCE	New victims. New betrayals. New secrets.When Cassie Hobbes joined the FBI's Naturals program, she had one goal: uncover the truth about her mother's murder. But now, everything Cassie thought she knew about what happened that night has been called into question. Her mother is alive, and the people holding her captive are more powerful--and dangerous--than anything the Naturals have faced so far. As Cassie and the team work to uncover the secrets of a group that has been killing in secret for generations, they find themselves racing a ticking clock.The bodies begin piling up, the deaths hit closer and closer to home, and it soon becomes apparent that this time, the Naturals aren't just hunting serial killers.They're being hunted themselves.
16113606	BELONGING	In the beginning was the darkness, and in the darkness was a girl, and in the girl was a secret...In the domed city of Yuan, the blind Princess Isra, a Smooth Skin, is raised to be a human sacrifice whose death will ensure her city's vitality. In the desert outside Yuan, Gem, a mutant beast, fights to save his people, the Monstrous, from starvation. Neither dreams that together, they could return balance to both their worlds.Isra wants to help the city's Banished people, second-class citizens despised for possessing Monstrous traits. But after she enlists the aid of her prisoner, Gem, who has been captured while trying to steal Yuan's enchanted roses, she begins to care for him, and to question everything she has been brought up to believe.As secrets are revealed and Isra's sight, which vanished during her childhood, returned, Isra will have to choose between duty to her people and the beast she has come to love.
13613910	MASTERY	Katniss Everdeen, girl on fire, has survived, even though her home has been destroyed. Gale has escaped. Katniss's family is safe. Peeta has been captured by the Capitol. District 13 really does exist. There are rebels. There are new leaders. A revolution is unfolding.It is by design that Katniss was rescued from the arena in the cruel and haunting Quarter Quell, and it is by design that she has long been part of the revolution without knowing it. District 13 has come out of the shadows and is plotting to overthrow the Capitol. Everyone, it seems, has had a hand in the carefully laid plans -- except Katniss.The success of the rebellion hinges on Katniss's willingness to be a pawn, to accept responsibility for countless lives, and to change the course of the future of Panem. To do this, she must put aside her feelings of anger and distrust. She must become the rebels' Mockingjay -- no matter what the personal cost.
12860626	INDEPENDENCE	My sister Rose lives on the mantelpiece. Well, some of her does. A collarbone, two ribs, a bit of skull, and a little toe.To ten-year-old Jamie, his family has fallen apart because of the loss of someone he barely remembers: his sister Rose, who died five years ago in a terrorist bombing. To his father, life is impossible to make sense of when he lives in a world that could so cruelly take away a ten-year-old girl. To Rose's surviving fifteen year old twin, Jas, everyday she lives in Rose's ever present shadow, forever feeling the loss like a limb, but unable to be seen for herself alone.Told with warmth and humor, this powerful novel is a sophisticated take on one family's struggle to make sense of the loss that's torn them apart... and their discovery of what it means to stay together.
8176574	MASTERY	The war between humanity and Faerie devastated both sides. Or so 15-year-old Liza has been told. Nothing has been seen or heard from Faerie since, and Liza's world bears the scars of its encounter with magic. Trees move with sinister intention, and the town Liza calls home is surrounded by a forest that threatens to harm all those who wander into it. Then Liza discovers she has the Faerie ability to see into the past, into the future and she has no choice but to flee her town. Liza's quest will take her into Faerie and back again, and what she finds along the way may be the key to healing both worlds.
25816752	MASTERY	Max Cantrell has never been a big fan of the truth, so when the opportunity arises to sell forged permission slips and cover stories to his classmates, it sounds like a good way to make a little money. So with the help of his friend Preston and his girlfriend, Parvati, Max starts Liars, Inc. Suddenly everybody needs something, and the cash starts pouring in. Who knew lying could be so lucrative?When Preston wants his own cover story to go visit a girl he met online, Max doesn't think twice about it. But then Preston never comes home. And the evidence starts to pile up--terrifying clues that lead to Preston's body.Terrifying clues that point to Max as the killer....
18001759	MASTERY	Ashleigh's boyfriend, Kaleb, is about to leave for college, and Ashleigh is worried that he'll forget about her while he's away. So at a legendary end-of-summer pool party, Ashleigh's friends suggest she text him a picture of herself -- sans swimsuit -- to take with him. Before she can talk herself out of it, Ashleigh strides off to the bathroom, snaps a photo in the full-length mirror, and hits "send."But when Kaleb and Ashleigh go through a bad breakup, Kaleb takes revenge by forwarding the text to his baseball team. Soon the photo has gone viral, attracting the attention of the school board, the local police, and the media. As her friends and family try to distance themselves from the scandal, Ashleigh feels completely alone -- until she meets Mack while serving her court-ordered community service. Not only does Mack offer a fresh chance at friendship, but he's the one person in town who received the text of Ashleigh's photo -- and didn't look.Acclaimed author Jennifer Brown brings readers a gripping novel about honesty and betrayal, redemption and friendship, attraction and integrity, as Ashleigh finds that while a picture may be worth a thousand words . . . it doesn't always tell the whole story.
17608363	INDEPENDENCE	After seventeen-year-old Wake Reynolds agrees to trade his life to prevent the damaged soul of his suicidal mother from the fiery tortures of Hell, Satan strips him of his humanity and forces him to become a demonic collector of souls. With no memory of his human existence, Wake preys on defenseless teenagers until they willingly end their own lives.After many years of loyal service, something inside Wake is changing. Images of a forgotten life, lost human emotions begin to emerge. As Wake struggles to keep these new sensations hidden, Satan orders him to corrupt the soul of a pregnant girl, Annemarie. Beautiful, gentle Annemarie. From the moment Wake sees her, she brings lightness to his blackened heart. If he chooses to defy Satan and spare the lives of Annemarie and her unborn child, his mother's soul will writhe in Hell's deepest pit for eternity. Annemarie or his mother? It's a choice no one should have to make.
20454579	MASTERY	Ruby can't look back. Fractured by an unbearable loss, she and the kids who survived the government's attack on Los Angeles travel north to regroup. With them is a prisoner: Clancy Gray, son of the president, and one of the few people Ruby has encountered with abilities like hers. Only Ruby has any power over him, and just one slip could lead to Clancy wreaking havoc on their minds.They are armed only with a volatile secret: proof of a government conspiracy to cover up the real cause of IAAN, the disease that has killed most of America's children and left Ruby and others like her with powers the government will kill to keep contained. But internal strife may destroy their only chance to free the "rehabilitation camps" housing thousands of other Psi kids.Meanwhile, reunited with Liam, the boy she would-and did-sacrifice everything for to keep alive, Ruby must face the painful repercussions of having tampered with his memories of her. She turns to Cole, his older brother, to provide the intense training she knows she will need to take down Gray and the government. But Cole has demons of his own, and one fatal mistake may be the spark that sets the world on fire.
7422080	BELONGING	"Hello, David. My name is Rose. It's a pleasure to meet you. We are now entering minute two of our friendship. According to my Intimacy Clock, a handshake is now appropriate..."David and Charlie are opposites. David has a million friends, online and off. Charlie is a soulful outsider, off the grid completely. But neither feels close to anybody. When David's parents present him with a hot Companion bot to encourage healthy bonds and treat "dissociative disorder," he can't get enough of luscious red-headed Rose -- and he can't get it soon. Companions come with strict intimacy protocols, and whenever he tries anything, David gets an electric shock. Severed from the boy she was built to love, Rose turns to Charlie, who finds he can open up, knowing Rose isn't real. With Charlie's help, the ideal "companion" is about to become her own best friend.In a stunning and hilarious debut, John Cusick takes rollicking aim at internet culture and our craving for meaningful connection in an uber-connected world.
10815662	INDEPENDENCE	--READERS FAVORITE AWARDS WINNER 2011--Sixteen year-old Kara Nightingale's ordinary life is suddenly turned upside down when she dies and wakes up in a strange new world with a new career--as a rookie for the Guardian Angel Legion. Kara is pulled into the supernatural, where monkeys drive the elevators, oracles scurry above giant crystal balls, and where demons feed on the souls of mortals.With the help of her Petty Officer and friend, David, Kara hurtles towards an adventure that will change her life forever...
26120560	BELONGING	Harriet Manners is coming to America! The internationally bestselling Geek Girl series takes on the Big Apple in this third hilarious, high-fashion adventure.When Harriet's dad gets a job in New York City, Harriet is beyond excited to move to the land of skyscrapers, museums, and taxicabs--especially since she'll get to see her dreamy supermodel boyfriend, Nick. Except . . . when her parents said New York, they meant a tiny, boring town two hours from the city by train. Diving back into modeling should be just the right distraction. But can a geek girl stand out in the fashion capital of America?"A cheeky, fabulous, fun read" (ALA Booklist), Holly Smale's Geek Girl series is perfect for fans of Mag Cabot's Princess Diaries series and Louise Rennison's Georgia Nicolson series.
29505446	STABILITY	Nell Crane has never held a boy's hand.In a city devastated by an epidemic, where survivors are all missing parts--an arm, a leg, an eye--Nell has always been an outsider. Her father is the famed scientist who created the biomechanical limbs that everyone now uses. But she's the only one with her machinery on the inside: her heart. Since the childhood operation, she has ticked. Like a clock, like a bomb. And as her community rebuilds, everyone is expected to contribute to the society's good . . . but how can Nell live up to her father's revolutionary ideas when she has none of her own?Then she finds a lost mannequin's hand while salvaging on the beach, and inspiration strikes. Can Nell build her own companion in a world that fears advanced technology? The deeper she sinks into this plan, the more she learns about her city--and her father, who is hiding secret experiments of his own.Sarah Maria Griffin's haunting literary debut will entrance fans of Patrick Ness's Chaos Walking series, Paolo Bacigalupi's Ship Breaker,and Emily St. John Mandel's Station Eleven.
9104929	STABILITY	Things haven't been easy for Jessie since her brother James - sports star and popular kid - died. Her mum and dad are lost in grief and she's feeling isolated at school; when the popular girls on her dance team give her a hard time, she just can't seem to remember the routines......and Jessie can still see James. Talk to him, or quarrel with him, more like! They always bickered when James was alive, so why change now?But James might turn out to be her unlikely saviour. Along with Alan, the dorky new boy, can he give Jessie the confidence to show the rest of the dance team what she's got ... and help her and her parents on the road towards healing?Funny, sharp and poignant, a story about living with a ghost, and the pain of letting go.
22891924	STABILITY	UnavailableThe revised, second edition is here: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3...Thyra Winther's seventeen, the Snow Queen, and immortal, but if she can't reassemble a shattered enchanted mirror by her eighteenth birthday she's doomed to spend eternity as a wraith. Armed with magic granted by a ruthless wizard, Thyra schemes to survive with her mind and body intact.Unencumbered by kindness, she kidnaps local boy Kai Thorsen, whose mathematical skills rival her own. Two logical minds, Thyra calculates, are better than one. With time rapidly melting away she needs all the help she can steal. A cruel lie ensnares Kai in her plan, but three missing mirror shards and Kai's childhood friend, Gerda, present more formidable obstacles. Thyra's willing to do anything - venture into uncharted lands, outwit sorcerers, or battle enchanted beasts - to reconstruct the mirror, yet her most dangerous adversary lies within her breast.Touched by the warmth of a wolf pup's devotion and the fire of a young man's desire, the thawing of Thyra's frozen heart could be her ultimate undoing.
22839508	INDEPENDENCE	From the internationally bestselling author of Beautiful Malice comes a captivating novel of psychological suspense about love and friendship, loyalty and betrayal--perfect for readers of S. J. Watson and Lisa Unger.Tim Ellison feels lucky when he finds a cheap place to rent in his dream location, close to the restaurant where he works as a chef, and even closer to his favorite surf spot at Sydney's popular Manly Beach. But the cavernous house is infused with a sense of foreboding, and his furnished room there comes with a condition: he must look after the mansion's mysterious owner.Anna London is withdrawn and frail, a twenty-year-old with the inexplicable demeanor and habits of an elderly woman. From her grand home on the hill, she can see the city and the ocean, but she can never leave. Her anxieties keep her locked inside, unable to handle the outside world.As Tim settles in, he struggles to get to know the person who depends on him for food and care. Slowly, Anna reveals glimpses of herself--her history, her sadness, her crippling fears. And then strange things begin to happen: loud banging in the night, unexplained figures in the shadows, sinister messages on the walls. Tim is startled to find that even as his unease about the house grows, he is increasingly attracted to its hauntingly beautiful owner. But is Anna London someone to pity . . . someone to love . . . or someone to fear?Taut and intense, Sweet Damage is an addictive novel about vulnerability, obsession, and duplicity, with a modern Gothic twist.
18762415	INDEPENDENCE	The fascinating, shocking, and ultimately quite hopeful story of one teen's downward spiral into mental illness by the bestselling author of Tweak.Miles is the ultimate unreliable narrator--a teen recovering from a schizophrenic breakdown who believes he is getting better . . . when in reality he is growing worse.Driven to the point of obsession to find his missing younger brother, Teddy, and wrapped up in a romance that may or may not be the real thing, Miles is forever chasing shadows. As Miles feels his world closing around him, he struggles to keep it open, but what you think you know about his world is actually a blur of gray, and the sharp focus of reality proves startling.Written by theNew York Times bestselling author of Tweak, Schizois the fascinating, and ultimately quite hopeful, story of one teen's downward spiral into mental illness as he chases the clues to a missing brother. Perfect for fans of Thirteen Reasons Why, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, and It's Kind of a Funny Story.
15746780	MASTERY	Eon is now Eona, the Mirror Dragoneye - one of just two surviving Dragoneyes, the human links to the twelve energy dragons and their power. On the run after the massacre in the Imperial Palace, she must find a way to restore Kygo, the dead Pearl Emperor's true heir, to the throne. But High Lord Sethon has claimed the throne for himself, and he is determined to create the String of Pearls, a terrible weapon that combines the power of all twelve dragons. Eona's only hope is to find the stolen Black Folio before he does. But first she must learn to resist the power of ten mourning dragons, and only Lord Ido, the man responsible for their grief, can help her. As the race for the Black Folio intensifies, she finds herself forced to choose between Ido and Kygo. Both men want Eona, but do they truly love her, or just the power she can give them? Eona must face assassins, savage battles, jealousy and betrayal to discover the heartbreaking truth about herself, the Mirror Dragon and the String of Pearls.
31932168	INDEPENDENCE	An all-new gothic horror series from the New York Times bestselling author of Asylum.After escaping a harsh school where punishment was the lesson of the day, seventeen-year-old Louisa Ditton is thrilled to find employment as a maid at a boarding house. But soon after her arrival at Coldthistle House, Louisa begins to realize that the house's mysterious owner, Mr. Morningside, is providing much more than lodging for his guests. Far from a place of rest, the house is a place of judgment, and Mr. Morningside and his unusual staff are meant to execute their own justice on those who are past being saved.Louisa begins to fear for a young man named Lee who is not like the other guests. He is charismatic and kind, and Louisa knows that it may be up to her to save him from an untimely judgment. But in this house of distortions and lies, how can Louisa be sure whom to trust?Featuring stunning interior illustrations from artist Iris Compiet, plus photo-collages that bring Coldthistle House to chilling life, House of Furiesinvites readers to a world where the line between monsters and men is ghostly thin.
13497677	MASTERY	There is neither pure goodness nor pure evil in your heart--you are what you choose to be.Those are the words Ivy spoke to him three years ago when she sent Eric to the surface. But she had no way to know that every day the curse would twist his mind further, making Eric more depraved and more desperate to stop the monster he is becoming. Eric puts a lethal plan into action. Once started, it cannot be stopped. The plan will result in his ultimately finding peace--and destruction.However, Natalia has other plans. She's spent three years getting close to Eric and doesn't plan on letting him slip between her fingers. But when she finds the opportunity to destroy him, she hesitates--seeing the spark of goodness he still possesses.Series Order:#1 - DEMON KISSED#2 - CURSED#3 - TORN#4 - SATAN'S STONE#5 - THE 13th PROPHECY#6 - ASSASSIN: FALL OF THE GOLDEN VALEFAR#7 - TBADEMON KISSED NOVELLAS:#1 Valefar Vol. 1 & 2
24999714	MASTERY	Everyone Celaena Sardothien loves has been taken from her. But she's at last returned to the empire--for vengeance, to rescue her once-glorious kingdom, and to confront the shadows of her past . . .She will fight for her cousin, a warrior prepared to die just to see her again. She will fight for her friend, a young man trapped in an unspeakable prison. And she will fight for her people, enslaved to a brutal king and awaiting their lost queen's triumphant return.Celaena's epic journey has captured the hearts and imaginations of millions across the globe. This fourth volume will hold readers rapt as Celaena's story builds to a passionate, agonizing crescendo that might just shatter her world.
24991013	INDEPENDENCE	Alyson Prescott moves to Cutters Cove, Oregon, after being placed, along with her mother, in the witness protection program. In her previous life, Alyson was an A-list heiress with the excitement of a trendsetting lifestyle and the security of old money. After witnessing a murder executed by two members of a powerful gang family, she is forced to leave her old life behind and become a middle class girl, living in a middle class town. Alyson struggles with the duplicity in her life as she strives to reconcile her new life with the old. In the first book in the series, The Secret, Alyson and her mother buy a dilapidated old mansion on a cliff overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Alyson soon finds that the house holds a secret that only the recently deceased resident of the property seems to know the answer to. Alyson and the new friends she meets at Seacliff High, set out to find the answer to a fifty-year old mystery that will reveal a trail of murder, embezzlement, lies, and deception. As the journey intensifies, friendships are forged that will last a lifetime.
26632892	NONE	"I am a collector of hopes and peregrine truths, a shepherd of thoughts, ideas, projects and dreams too important not to be realized. I'm an abstract concept that has no body, no smell, no boundaries, no shape and no color.I am the Omnilogos."So it is forged, a Science Fiction saga that gave birth to a legend, a tale about the life of a man with one project that will change mankind's future forever.Ten stories about his life, his sorrow, and his quest to gather the resources and the people needed to claim our place among the stars.This is Wei's story.This is the world of the Omnilogos.---------New Extended Edition!With extra material including an additional chapter plus an exclusive sneak preview of the upcoming sequel Pelargonium, book two of the Omnilogos Series!
15820679	INDEPENDENCE	In this future-set novella by bestselling author Scott Westerfeld, Kieran Black lives in a "perfect" world. Disease and starvation have been eradicated, sleep is unnecessary, and it takes no time at all to go from the Bahamas to the moon. But now Kieran has to take Scarcity, a class about how people lived in the bad old days. And as if sitting through an hour of Scarcity every day wasn't depressing enough, it's final projects time. Each student must choose some form of ancient hardship to experience for two whole weeks. Kieran chooses having to sleep eight hours a night, which doesn't seem too annoying.Maria Borsotti has never thought much of Kieran, but she decides to take pity on him and help him out with his project. Soon, Kieran is sleeping and having vivid dreams, while Maria, whose Scarcity project is to give up all teenage hormone regulation, is experiencing emotions she never knew she had. As their assignments draw them closer together, they begin to wonder if the olden days weren't so bad. Maybe something has been missing from their perfect lives after all?
13068776	INDEPENDENCE	Since she'd been on the outside, she'd survived an Aether storm, she'd had a knife held to her throat, and she'd seen men murdered.This was worse.Exiled from her home, the enclosed city of Reverie, Aria knows her chances of surviving in the outer wasteland -- known as The Death Shop -- are slim. If the cannibals don't get her, the violent energy storms will. Then Aria meets an Outsider named Perry. He's wild -- a savage -- and her only hope of staying alive.A hunter for his tribe in a merciless landscape, Perry views Aria as sheltered and fragile--everything he would expect from a Dweller. But he needs Aria's help too; she alone holds the key to his redemption. Opposites in nearly every way, Aria and Perry must come together to survive. Their unlikely alliance forges a bond that will determine the fate of all who live under the never sky.
8510505	BELONGING	Kate was Lissa's best friend. They've shared everything for four years. Then one night at a drunken party, Kate leaned in to kiss Lissa, and Lissa kissed her back. And now Kate is pretending Lissa doesn't exist. Confused and alone, Lissa's left questioning everything she thought she knew about herself, and about life. But with the help of a free-spirit new friend, Lissa's beginning to find the strength to realize that sometimes falling in love with the wrong person is the only way to find your footing.
22844008	BELONGING	Before:Reena Montero has loved Sawyer LeGrande for as long as she can remember: as natural as breathing, as endless as time. But he's never seemed to notice that Reena even exists until one day, impossibly, he does. Reena and Sawyer fall in messy, complicated love. But then Sawyer disappears from their humid Florida town without a word, leaving a devastated--and pregnant--Reena behind.After:Almost three years have passed, and there's a new love in Reena's life: her daughter, Hannah. Reena's gotten used to being without Sawyer, and she's finally getting the hang of this strange, unexpected life. But just as swiftly and suddenly as he disappeared, Sawyer turns up again. Reena doesn't want anything to do with him, though she'd be lying if she said Sawyer's being back wasn't stirring something in her. After everything that's happened, can Reena really let herself love Sawyer LeGrande again?In this breathtaking debut, Katie Cotugno weaves together the story of one couple falling in love--twice.
18469695	MASTERY	Tana lives in a world where walled cities called Coldtowns exist. In them, quarantined monsters and humans mingle in a decadently bloody mix of predator and prey. The only problem is, once you pass through Coldtown's gates, you can never leave.One morning, after a perfectly ordinary party, Tana wakes up surrounded by corpses. The only other survivors of this massacre are her exasperatingly endearing ex-boyfriend, infected and on the edge, and a mysterious boy burdened with a terrible secret. Shaken and determined, Tana enters a race against the clock to save the three of them the only way she knows how: by going straight to the wicked, opulent heart of Coldtown itself.The Coldest Girl in Coldtownis a wholly original story of rage and revenge, of guilt and horror, and of love and loathing from bestselling and acclaimed author Holly Black.
23361082	BELONGING	"Sharing a party line is like living in a small town: everyone knows your business and pretends they don't know a thing."In 1977 Northern Virginia, Lizzie McCall is happily living a fairly typical teenage life. This fall, she'll finally be starting high school. Then her father drops a bomb.He's being transferred on assignment. Out of the country - to Tehran, the capital of Iran. She'll be starting her freshman year at the Tehran American School. This launches an adventure for Lizzie that will shape the rest of her life.In the midst of making friends, going to class, and choosing the right boy to date, one of Lizzie's favorite interests are the downstairs neighbors. Her family's Tehran apartment shares a party line with them, and they are so intriguing that Lizzie makes a habit of listening in on their telephone conversations.But she goes too far one night and gets sucked into a world far beyond her teenage awareness. Young Lizzie is about to become a key player in the Iranian Revolution, and with it will come challenges greater than she's ever faced before.
14897141	MASTERY	When you control minds, only your heart can be used against you.Eight months ago, Kira Moore revealed to the mindreading world that mindjackers like herself were hidden in their midst. Now she wonders if telling the truth was the right choice. As wild rumors spread, a powerful anti-jacker politician capitalizes on mindreaders' fears and strips jackers of their rights. While some jackers flee to Jackertown--a slum rife with jackworkers who trade mind control favors for cash--Kira and her family hide from the readers who fear her and jackers who hate her. But when a jacker Clan member makes Kira's boyfriend Raf collapse in her arms, Kira is forced to save the people she loves by facing the thing she fears most: FBI agent Kestrel and his experimental torture chamber for jackers.MINDJACK SERIESOpen Minds(Book One)Closed Hearts(Book Two)Free Souls(Book Three)Mindjack Short Story Collection(Novella Box Set)Locked Tight(Book Four)... coming soonClosed Heartsis the second novel in the Mindjack Series, a young adult science fiction series. There are three novels in the original trilogy, five novellas that accompany the series, and plans for another trilogy in the works (see Susan's latest novella, The Locksmith, for a peek at a new Mindjack character for the coming trilogy). and get a free story.READING ORDERMindjack Trilogy(novels):Mindjack Origins(shorts): is a standalone novella that can be read independently of the trilogy and novellas.
13583118	INDEPENDENCE	Lisa Duncan, a seventeen-year-old high school senior, has an assignment to tour a historic site and write a report about it. She chooses Mirabelle Manor, a large estate overlooking the ocean, built by a nineteenth-century sea captain for his wife. During the tour, she thinks Mirabelle's portrait is watching her. One of the items on display is a diary, open to a passage about going to a place called the unicorn tree to watch for ships. This appeals to Lisa because her brother is currently on a commemorative voyage, sailing across the Atlantic. When news arrives that his ship is lost at sea, Lisa's interest in the diary changes from curiosity to determination in hopes of discovering what happened to her brother.
34069603	NONE	Some truths can be deadly.Danielle isn't mopey or filled with teenage angst. Danielle and her cousin were abducted, drugged, and raped. But her cousin doesn't remember, and her best friend won't believe her. Now, her predators have returned, stalking her, harassing her at every turn. Nightmares plague her sleep, pushing her to the brink of exhaustion. Isolated, terrified, and grief-stricken, Danielle is paralyzed, unable to face the unmerciful world around her. Can she awaken her spirit and blossom into a woman of defiance and courage before the darkness eclipses her sanity?Shattering Truths, the first volume in the Deadly Veils series, is a haunting and heartbreaking coming of age story. In the tradition of Judy Blume, and following in the footsteps of Thirteen Reasons Why, author Kyrian Lyndon doesn't shy away from exploring the darker side of life that every teenage girl fears. Filled with suspense, a heart wrenching emotional journey, and twists that will leave you breathless, Shattering Truths will take hold of you on page one and never let go.Shattering Truths is a revised edition of Deadly Veils Book One, previously published by Kyrian Lyndon in 2016 under the title Provenance of Bondage. The previous edition is no longer available."A dark, alluring and fascinating book about a girl trying to crawl out of the darkness and despair and grow in strength and spirit." -Books Are Love"A gripping and emotional story about trauma and abuse..." - Elizabeth Greschner"...an emotional roller coaster..." -Love Books"...a startlingly intense look into the lives of the young teens in present day America!" -Deepak Menon"This book will catch you right in from the start." -Peggy"...a powerful story right from the start." -Joanne Dore"I can't wait for her next book because now I'm hooked!" -Lori Stanley"I'm looking forward to reading more from this author." -Denise Buttino Terrell
29515767	STABILITY	NEWSFLASH . . . VLOGGING IS GO!It's bad enough having to move house, school and country all at the same time, without making a fool of yourself on the first day of term. But that's just what Lucy's done - and one of her classmates has videoed the whole thing and put it online!Lucy's so stressed, her stammer's become worse than ever. So when a friend encourages her to create her own videos, she thinks it's a terrible idea - surely she's embarrassed herself enough for one lifetime!But when Lucy finally gives vlogging a try, she's amazed to find that people actually want to watch . . .Includes tips for making your own vlogs!
11719946	MASTERY	A power she can't deny. A destiny she's determined to fight.When Ari first arrived in the dilapidated city of New 2, all she wanted was to figure out who she was. But what she discovered was beyond her worst nightmare. Ari can already sense the evil growing inside her--a power the goddess Athena will stop at nothing to possess.Desperate to hold on to her humanity and protect her loved ones, Ari must fight back. But Athena's playing mind games, not just with Ari but with those she cares about most. And Athena has a very special plan for the brooding and sexy Sebastian.Ari is determined to defeat Athena, but time is running out. With no other options, Ari must unleash the very thing she's afraid of: herself.
13083775	BELONGING	The Keeper is young adult paranormal romance set in old Rye Wilderness in Manatee County Florida.Sixteen year old Kaylee Carmichael has had a rough year with the loss of her best friend in a horrible accident. Things don't get any easier when her family relocates to southern Florida on an old plantation. She doesn't make friends easily but she doesn't need them; she has her horses,her family and her memories of Cassie. But when strange things start happening in the house and on the land and everyone (herself included) thinks she's losing her mind, a friend may be exactly what she needs. That's what she finds in Zeke.Zeke is golden and beautiful and everything Kaylee isn't yet somehow he seems to be sent just for her; maybe even heaven sent.As the two delve into the mysteries of the plantation and explore the paranormal, Kaylee can't help falling for him, but Zeke is hiding a dark secret that could change everything. And things only get more complicated when another strange boy comes into the picture and takes a special interest in Kaylee.What does he seem to know about her that she doesn't?One thing is clear, something evil is awry and Kaylee finds herself right in the middle of it. Even so, all she can think of is how she feels about Zeke. Could a boy so perfect love her back?She doesn't think so and she has no plans of finding out. When Zeke finally finds out the truth how will he react and how will he tell her what he's been hiding?Most importantly, can the two get to the bottom of the evil that has taken hold of the plantation and protect Kaylee and her family from danger or will this love story have a tragic ending?
23278280	BELONGING	From #1 New York Timesbestselling authors Jodi Picoult and her daughter and co-writer, Samantha van Leer, comes OFF THE PAGE, a tender and appealing romantic YA novel filled with humor, adventure, and magical relationships.Sixteen-year-old Delilah is finally united with Oliver--a prince literally taken from the pages of a fairy tale. There are, however, complications now that Oliver has been able to enter the real world. To exist in Delilah's world, Oliver must take the place of a regular boy. Enter Edgar, who agrees to take Oliver's role in Delilah's favorite book. In this multilayered universe, the line between what is on the page and what is possible is blurred, but all must be resolved for the characters to live happily ever after. Includes twelve full-color illustrations, and black-and-white decorations throughout.Full of humor and witty commentary about life, OFF THE PAGE is a stand-alone novel as well as a companion to the authors' bestseller Between the Lines,and is perfect for readers looking for a fairytale ending. Fans of Sarah Dessen and Meg Cabot are sure to appreciate this novel about love, romance, and relationships.
19189768	MASTERY	If you could steal things from dreams, what would you take?Ronan Lynch has secrets. Some he keeps from others. Some he keeps from himself.One secret: Ronan can bring things out of his dreams.And sometimes he's not the only one who wants those things.Ronan is one of the raven boys -- a group of friends, practically brothers, searching for a dead king named Glendower, who they think is hidden somewhere in the hills by their elite private school, Aglionby Academy. The path to Glendower has long lived as an undercurrent beneath town. But now, like Ronan's secrets, it is beginning to rise to the surface -- changing everything in its wake.
28421713	MASTERY	Eva and Ash thought they were safe.What they don't know is someone is watching their every move.As the bounty on their head looms, Eva will do anything to protect Ash, even if it means trusting the enemy.Ash must learn to work with Henry if he is to survive, and Eva must put up with both boys--and her feelings for them.But their plan to escape the clutches of Eva's father is ruined when the trio is separated.To find their way back together, they must all confront their own demons--in order for them to confront the Man with the Fire in his Eyes.When you're the last of the Dragon Hearts, everyone hungers for your blood.Crave Love. Crave Blood. Crave Death.
12767032	BELONGING	For Nora Grey, romance was not part of the plan. At least, not until Patch came along. With his easy smile and probing eyes, Nora is drawn to him against her better judgment. But after a series of terrifying encounters, Nora's not sure who to trust--she can't decide whether she should fall into Patch's arms or run and hide from him. And when she tries to seek some answers, she finds herself near a truth more unsettling than any feeling Patch evokes. For Nora stands amid an ancient battle between the immortal and those who have fallen--and choosing the wrong side will cost her life.
28498372	MASTERY	New York Timesbestselling author Carrie Jones introduces sassy alien-hunting cheerleader Mana in Flying, the launch of a sparkling new YA SF series.People have always treated seventeen-year-old Mana as someone in need of protection. She's used to being coddled, being an only child, but it's hard to imagine anything could ever happen in her small-town, normal life. As her mother's babying gets more stifling than ever, she's looking forward to cheering at the big game and getting out of the house for a while.But that night, Mana's life goes haywire.First, the hot guy she's been crushing on at school randomly flips out and starts spitting acid during the game. Then they get into a knockdown, drag-out fight in the locker room, during which Mana finds herself leaping around like a kangaroo on steroids. As a flyer on the cheerleading squad, she's always been a good jumper, but this is a bit much. By the time she gets home and finds her house trashed and an alien in the garage, Mana starts to wonder if her mother had her reasons for being overprotective.It turns out, Mana's frumpy, timid mom is actually an alien hunter, and now she's missing--taking a piece of technology with her that everyone wants their hands on, both human and alien. Now her supposed partner, a guy that Mana has never met or heard of (and who seems way too young and way too arrogant to be hunting aliens), has shown up, ordering Mana to come with him. Now, on her own for the first time, Mana will have to find a way to save her mother--and maybe the world--and hope she's up to the challenge.
12059796	BELONGING	Eighteen-year-old Quinn MacPherson's biggest fear has always been turning out like her mentally unstable mother. (Solving algebraic equations comes in as a close second.)That is, until she meets Benjamin Shaw.Quinn thinks hooking up with Ben over summer vacation will be nothing more than a quick fling. She can't even commit to a nail polish choice, much less some guy.Unfortunately for her, Ben is not just some guy. Ben gets her- the real her, flaws and all- and that scares the hell out of her.When Ben does the unthinkable- tells Quinn he's in love with her- she does what comes naturally. She pushes him away. Ben can only watch from a distance as Quinn lashes out, and punishes him for daring to care about her.But how far can you push someone, even someone that loves you, before they are gone for good?
13575509	BELONGING	There's still so much Daire Santos has to learn about being the last Soul Seeker....and about herself. As her magical training becomes more intense, so does her relationship with Dace. But when she learns that his connection to the evil Richter family goes far deeper than she ever imagined, she begins to question if love really can conquer all.Dace is painfully aware that he wouldn't exist if it wasn't for the Richters' dark magic--and now his brother Cade is determined to use his love for Daire against him. Dace is willing to sacrifice anything to protect the girl he loves --including his own life. But will Daire allow it? And what if defeating Cade costs not only his life, but his soul too?
18143300	BELONGING	Jeremy Stone, the new young adult novel from acclaimed author Lesley Choyce, is told in free verse format. After moving from a residential school to a new school in a new community, Jeremy, a First Nations teenage boy is trying to find out where he fits in the world. He soon meets Caitlan, an intense girl who tells him about another boy - a boyfriend of hers - who has committed suicide. Jeremy isn't sure whether he has much to offer Caitlan, given his own uncertainties, but he is solid and supportive towards his new friend.A lot of the support comes from Old Man, the spirit of Jeremy's dead grandfather, with whom he has frequent illuminating conversations. In fact, Jeremy has frequent contact with the spirit world - his grandfather, Jenson, the suicide, as well as a childhood friend of Jeremy's, Jimmy Falcon. Each of these spirits help Jeremy find his way through a quagmire of bullying and racial taunts toward a more stable future.
11387507	BELONGING	Senior year is over, and Lucy has the perfect way to celebrate: tonight, she's going to find Shadow, the mysterious graffiti artist whose work appears all over the city. He's out there somewhere--spraying color, spraying birds and blue sky on the night--and Lucy knows a guy who paints like Shadow is someone she could fall for. Reallyfall for. Instead, Lucy's stuck at a party with Ed, the guy she's managed to avoid since the most awkward date of her life. But when Ed tells her he knows where to find Shadow, they're suddenly on an all-night search around the city. And what Lucy can't see is the one thing that's right before her eyes.
17155254	INDEPENDENCE	As 16 year old Grace recovers from tragedy, her science class is chosen by Agent Sweeney at the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service to help with research on the new "Red Wolf Reintroduction Program".While she's excited about helping with the conservation of the endangered wolves, Grace knows this means being outdoors in the worst winter on record, in a place she no longer feels comfortable. It also means working closely with Wyn (her ex) and his annoying girlfriend (Skyler), a girl whose idea of getting close to nature is killing two silk plants and watering a cactus.After a couple of wolves show up dead, Grace almost quits. However, when a fellow project team member goes missing, Grace continues the assignment under a renewed suspicion that someone might be sabotaging the conservation program. She quietly begins to hunt for clues.Little does she know, she is being hunted too.
16151602	INDEPENDENCE	A total meltdown. The whole school watching. Now Poppy's an ex-straight-A with no Plan B.When Poppy Johnson throws away a full scholarship to Columbia, she can only blame the jelly beans. The yucky green ones? Midnight cram sessions and Saturday's spent studying. The delicious red? The family legacy: Columbia, and a future in finance. Except now it's starting to look like Poppy's jelly bean theory is wrong. School has been her life until, but maybe it's time to start living now.Poppy has thirty days to try a new life. No school, no studying. Just jumping into every possible world. Thirty days to find her passion, her path, and maybe even love. The Jelly Bean Crisis is officially on.
3066425	INDEPENDENCE	In the beginning ... There was the Serpent, there for Eve's awakening, and for all the days since. Teacher, mentor, companion, friend, and more. There was God. The Creator. Quick to anger. Dangerous. Majestic.There was Adam: as God said, a joy to behold.And there was Eve.These four hold the future in their hands. And only Eve -- or perhaps the Serpent, too -- wonders what lies outside the Garden of Eden. Passionate, witty, beautifully drawn, and utterly unforgettable, "The Garden," a debut novel, remakes and offers insights into a story that forms a cornerstone of our understanding.
13574542	BELONGING	Welcome to Manderley AcademyI hadn't wanted to go, but my parents were so excited... So here I am, the new girl at Manderley, a true fish out of water. But mine's not the name on everyone's lips. Oh, no.It's Becca Normandy they can't stop talking about. Perfect, beautiful Becca. She went missing at the end of last year, leaving a spot open at Manderley-- the spot that I got. And everyone acts like it's my fault that infallible, beloved Becca is gone and has been replaced by notperfect, completely fallible, unknown Me.Then, there's the name on mylips-- Max Holloway. Becca's ex. The one boy I should avoid, but can't. Thing is, it seems like he wants me, too. But the memory of Becca is always between us. And as much as I'm starting to like it at Manderley, I can't help but think she's out there, somewhere, watching me take her place.Waiting to take it back.
16078270	MASTERY	17 year old Cora Hunt has one wish, to live the life of a normal teenager.Her wish never comes true.After her reluctant move to a sleepy village in the middle of Lancashire Cora's life is turned upside down when she discovers she is a witch, a very powerful witch. Cora is not just any old witch, she is the daughter of Alizon Device who was one of the most powerful witches of her time.Dealing with her new found powers is quite a challenge, but when the past she didn't know about unearths new complications in the form of Jack Thomas, her life becomes increasingly dangerous with each waking minute.Jack also has a secret past, a past that clashes with Cora's.A confrontation between the two results in a life or death situation. The brutal events of 1612 happened hundreds of years ago, but what Jack and Cora face is a definite deja vu. The only question is, will their fate be the same as those who perished in 1612?
21993152	INDEPENDENCE	Jordie's cousin Todd has moved back to Montreal and is attending Jordie's high school. Todd has autism and requires an aide. Todd has not been welcomed in the school. He's known as a freak, and even other parents seem to resent Todd's special needs. Jordie does everything he can to distance himself from his cousin, fearful of what his friends might think. When he learns that Todd's whole family is buckling under the pressure of a hateful letter, Jordie starts to question his own behavior. But Todd's resources are unique, and he soon finds a way to prove his worth to his peers and to the community at large. Inspired by real-life events, Hate Mail examines the transformative power of speaking out against prejudice.
31309820	MASTERY	Exclusive Waterstones Signed Special Edition with colouring in cover. You can colour in the front, the back and the spine. Simon Snow just wants to relax and savor his last year at the Watford School of Magicks, but no one will let him. His girlfriend broke up with him, his best friend is a pest, and his mentor keeps trying to hide him away in the mountains where maybe he'll be safe. Simon can't even enjoy the fact that his roommate and longtime nemesis is missing, because he can't stop worrying about the evil git. Plus there are ghosts. And vampires. And actual evil things trying to shut Simon down. When you're the most powerful magician the world has ever known, you never get to relax and savor anything.Carry On is a ghost story, a love story, a mystery and a melodrama. It has just as much kissing and talking as you'd expect from a Rainbow Rowell story -- but far, far more monsters.
25506362	MASTERY	Boxed set of the first four books of the Unfortunate Fairy Tale Series.A young girl with a fairytale curse must outsmart a powerful story that turns her life upside down.UnEnchantedMina is a descendant from the Brothers Grimm and has inherited all of their unfinished fairy tale business which includes trying to outwit a powerful Story from making her its' next fairy-tale victim. To break the fairy tale curse on her family and make these deadly occurrences stop, Mina must finish the tales until the very Grimm end.FairestMina Grime discovers that all is not fair when it comes to the Fae and their tales, especially when they don't all play by the rules.FableWhen something precious is stolen from sixteen-year-old Mina Grime, she will do anything in her power to get it back, even if it means traveling to the dangerous Fae plane and battling one of the strongest fairy-tale villains yet.ReignTo save her family's future, Mina Grime will have to travel to the past with the help of her Fae Godmother and a pair of magic shoes.She must go to the Story's very beginning, to the days before the dark prince's reign. But can she finish her quest before her time runs out, or will she be trapped in the past forever?
29231035	BELONGING	A summer at one of the poshest riding camps in the province. A hundred horses. Rolling hills ribboned with hacking trails and cross-country jumps.It could be perfect. Unless you're Lacey Strickland, and you're leaving Salem, Meg, and Jared behind on the island.The only thing that isn't hard to leave is Lacey's memory of her first kiss, delivered in a spring-scented hayfield, which sizzled, then fizzled into nothing at all.The other thing making camp less-than-perfect for Lacey? She's not a cosseted camper, but a staff member - teaching riding lessons from sun-up to sun-down.In Meg's first letter to Lacey, she writes: "I bet anything there's at least one amazing horse waiting for you there. And maybe a new great - if not best - friend."Is Meg right? Could Lacey meet a horse she'll love just as much as Salem? And are there new friends in her future? Maybe even somebody who could give her more than just one kiss in a hayfield?
28219554	BELONGING	What Claire hasn't learned yet is that now comes the hard part: learning to trust in this new relationship. And that isn't easy when no one has ever given you a reason to trust before.Then there's the pressing question of what to do with her life. Claire's new volunteer job working with kids offers a glimpse of a potential future, but it definitely isn't something her pushy mother is going to like.Still, everything feels hopeful as she embarks on the next chapter of her life, armed with new friends and the warm and funny Mia. But Claire quickly discovers that negotiating this new terrain of adulthood isn't easy. Over the rest of this momentous summer, the biggest lesson Claire must learn is how not to let anything get in the way of her happiness. Especially herself.
33986915	MASTERY	Aurora Firedrake returns in the spellbinding sequel to The Last of the Firedrakes.The seven kingdoms of Avalonia are crumbling and evil is spreading across the land like a plague. Queen Morgana is close to finding a way to open The Book of Abraxas and it's only a matter of time until she uses the power trapped inside its pages to enslave the entire world.With Avalonia growing more dangerous by the day, Aurora must travel through war-torn lands and deep into the heart of the fae kingdom of Elfi. Her goal is to find a legendary weapon infused with the last of the realm's ancient magic--the only weapon in the world powerful enough to stop the queen.Aurora might have survived her first battle against Morgana, but the true fight to save her kingdom and restore her throne has only just begun...
22960811	MASTERY	Revenge. That's all that's left for witch hunter Rhett Carter. The magic-born have stripped everything from him--killed his friends, cursed his warlock father, shattered his future--leaving him bare and broken, but not dead. Their mistake.When Rhett and Laney are suddenly thrust in different directions, Rhett must decide who to trust and who to kill. Backed by his trusty canine sidekick Hex, Rhett will embark on his deadliest mission yet, one that will lead him directly toward those who want him dead, pushing his unique resistance to magic to the edge and back again as he tries to remove his father's curse.Separated from Rhett, Laney seeks to understand the strange changes to her sister, Trish, who's believed to be the last living Clairvoyant, and what role she's destined to play in the future of humankind.Wrapped around everything are four major groups: the Necromancers, the Changelings, the witch hunters, and New America, the remnants of humanity. When the major forces are brought together for an epic battle, the fate of the world hangs in the balance.
17798991	MASTERY	The Iron KingSomething has always felt slightly off in Meghan's life, ever since her father disappeared before her eyes when she was six. But she never could have guessed the truth--that she is the daughter of a mythical faery king and is a pawn in a deadly war. Now Meghan will learn just how far she'll go to save someone she cares about and stop a mysterious evil no faery creature dare face....The Iron DaughterDeserted by the Winter prince she thought loved her, Meghan is now prisoner to the Winter faery queen. And as war looms between Summer and Winter, Meghan knows the real danger comes from the Iron fey--but no one believes her. Worse, Meghan's stuck in Faery with only her wits for help. Trusting anyone could be deadly....
16047598	BELONGING	"There's nothing wrong with trying to get to know my son's boyfriend."Skylar knows he's lucky to have an open-minded father. It's not just that Skylar and Rafael are both boys. Between their families exists a dark and turbulent past: Rafael's father was the first serial killer in the history of the Nettlebush Indian Reserve, and Skylar's mother was his last victim.Skylar is ready to put the past behind him. But Skylar's future is tenuous at best. Skylar is still a ward of the state, and foster care can take him away from the reservation at a moment's notice. Voiceless and powerless, Skylar learns firsthand what it means to be a Native American in the 21st century. And when Skylar stumbles across his father's best-kept, twelve-year-old secret, not even Rafael can shield him from the fallout.
27256347	NONE	The Cheerleader, The Nerd, The Jock, The Freak. What if you had to be all four?Changers book one: DREW opens on the eve of Ethan Miller's freshman year of high school in a brand-new town. He's finally sporting a haircut he doesn't hate, has grown two inches since middle school, and can't wait to try out for the soccer team. At last, everything is looking up in life.Until the next morning. When Ethan awakens as a girl.Ethan is a Changer, a little-known, ancient race of humans who live out each of their four years of high school as a different person. After graduation, Changers choose which version of themselves they will be forever - and no, they cannot go back to who they were before the changes began.Ethan must now live as Drew Bohner - a petite blonde with an unfortunate last name - and navigate the treacherous waters of freshman year while also following the rules: Never tell anyone what you are. Never disobey the Changers Council. And never, ever fall in love with another Changer. Oh, and Drew also has to battle a creepy underground syndicate called 'Abiders' (as well as the sadistic school queen bee, Chloe). And she can't even confide in her best friend Audrey, who can never know the real her, without risking both of their lives.Fans of the books of John Green, the Joss Whedonverse - and empathy between humans - will find much to love in this first of a four-part series that tracks the journey of an average suburban boy who becomes an incredible young woman...who becomes a reluctant hero...who becomes the person she was meant to be.Because, while changing the world can kinda suck, it sure beats never knowing who you really are.
19219801	BELONGING	High school senior Michael Sattler leads a charmed life. He's a star athlete, has great friends, and parents who love him just the way he is. What's missing from his life is a boyfriend. That's a problem because he's out only to his parents and best friend. When Michael accidentally bumps into Christy Castle at school, his life changes in ways he never imagined. Christy is Michael's dream guy: smart, pretty, and sexy. But nothing could have prepared Michael for what being Christy's boyfriend would entail.Christy needs to heal after years of abuse and knows he needs help to do it. After the death of his notorious father, he leaves his native Greece and settles in upstate New York. Alone, afraid, and left without a voice, Christy hides the myriad scars of his abuse. He desperately wants to be loved and when he meets Michael, he dares to hope that day has arrived. When one of Michael's team-mates becomes an enemy and an abuser from Christy's past seeks to return him to a life of slavery, only Michael and Christy's combined strength and unwavering determination can save them from the violence that threatens to destroy their future together.
9978127	MASTERY	A prequel novella to ONE NIGHT THAT CHANGES EVERYTHING...Sixteen-year-old Eliza Sellman is shocked when the most popular guy in school, Cooper Marriatti, starts to take an interest in her. It isn't long until they're spending all their time together, and on the surface, Cooper seems to be the perfect boyfriend.But weird text messages, a shady friend, and her own insecurities leave Eliza questioning her perfect romance, until the shocking truth about their relationship comes to light....In this prequel novella to Lauren Barnholdt's ONE NIGHT THAT CHANGES EVERYTHING, find out how Eliza and Cooper meet, and what their relationship was like before that night. Includes a sneak peek of ONE NIGHT THAT CHANGES EVERYTHING.
18277996	BELONGING	For Rose Zarelli, freshman year was about controlling her rage. Sophomore year was about finding her voice. With all that behind her, junior year should be a breeze, right? Nope. When a horrific video surfaces, Rose needs the one person she wants to be done with, the person who has broken her heart twice--Jamie Forta. But as the intensity between them heats up, Rose realizes she isn't the only one who needs help. The thing is, Jamie doesn't see it that way--and that could cost them both everything.Back cover copy:ROSE ZARELLI is done confessing because confessions are for people who have done something wrong. And I haven't done anything wrong. Here, I'll prove it to you.1) After my mother got that call, I "borrowed" her car. (Because you can't steal your mother's car, can you?) I don't really remember driving downtown, but I do remember...2) ...getting past the bouncer at Dizzy's (I mean, it's his job to spot a fake ID, so that's on him)...3) ...and then later, telling my mother the truth about the bar but lying about how I got in. (A truth totally cancels out a lie, right?)After all, what's a little duplicity when finding Jamie Forta is the only thing that's going to keep you from losing what's left of your mind?See? Junior year is off to a great start.
29331095	BELONGING	Length: 6 hours and 7 minutesWhen Gia Montgomery's boyfriend, Bradley, dumps her in the parking lot of her high school prom, she has to think fast. After all, she'd been telling her friends about him for months now. This was supposed to be the night she proved he existed. So when she sees a cute guy waiting to pick up his sister, she enlists his help. The task is simple: be her fill-in boyfriend-- two hours, zero commitment, a few white lies. After that, she can win back the real Bradley.The problem is that days after prom, it's not the real Bradley she's thinking about, but the stand-in. The one whose name she doesn't even know. But tracking him down doesn't mean they're done faking a relationship. Gia owes him a favor and his sister intends to see that he collects: his ex-girlfriend's graduation party -- three hours, zero commitment, a few white lies.Just when Gia begins to wonder if she could turn her fake boyfriend into a real one, Bradley comes waltzing back into her life, exposing her lie, and threatening to destroy her friendships and her new-found relationship.
23296287	BELONGING	Ben Wireman is partially deaf and completely insecure. The only two things that make him feel normal are being a soccer goalie and hanging out with his best friend, Tyler.Tyler Nuson is the golden boy, worshiped by girls and guys alike. But Tyler's golden facade is cracking, and the dark secrets hidden behind it are oozing to the surface. Ben has no idea what to do when Tyler's memories of their past start poisoning everything, including their friendship.Enter Ilona Pierce. With tattoos, blue hair, and almost no friends, she's exactly the kind of weirdo Ben has tried to avoid his entire life. But without Tyler, Ben isn't sure who he is anymore, and maybe, just maybe, hanging out with a freak is what he needs.Wired Man and Other Freaks of Nature is a captivating and compelling story about the shifting dynamics between two best friends during their senior year in high school, as their loyalty to each other is tested by betrayal, secrets, girls, and the complex art of growing up.
29502586	INDEPENDENCE	Alissa Reeves came out for Hannah Desarno. Hannah is smart, beautiful, and has just gone missing. Worse, she isn't Alissa's first girlfriend to disappear. Eighteen months ago, Alissa was caught kissing bad girl Lana Meyers. Too scared to admit her feelings for Lana, Alissa let her friends blame Lana. Weeks later when Lana disappeared, no one in their small town thought much of it until months later when her body was found.With Hannah gone, Alissa finds herself following clues that will help her discover what happened to both girls, and the truth will change everything.
26632093	BELONGING	"[G]enuinely funny, heart-wrenching . . ." - Kirkus Reviews"[A] moving journey of self-discovery and a gratifying coming-of-age story." - Publishers Weekly"Husky . . . is a superb addition to the middle grade literary canon." - VOYA Reviews"There is not a false note in the writing . . ." - Lambda LiteraryA beautifully voiced debut captures an intimate story of change and acceptance.Twelve-year-old Davis lives in an old brownstone with his mother and grandmother in Brooklyn. He loves people-watching in Prospect Park, visiting his mom in the bakery she owns, and listening to the biggest operas he can find as he walks everywhere.But Davis is having a difficult summer. As questions of sexuality begin to enter his mind, he worries people don't see him as anything other than "husky." To make matters worse, his best girlfriends are starting to hang out with mean girls and popular boys. Davis is equally concerned about the distance forming between him and his single mother as she begins dating again, and about his changing relationship with his amusingly loud Irish grandmother, Nanny.Ultimately, Davis learns to see himself outside of his one defining adjective. He's a kid with unique interests, admirable qualities, and people who will love him no matter what changes life brings about.
13364948	MASTERY	Brian Monahan thinks his school's new community service requirement is ridiculous. Especially when he's told that since he didn't submit his own community service proposal, he's been assigned to volunteer in his school's Life Skills class. But despite himself, he begins to enjoy working there and likes helping the kids.When he sees one of the Life Skills students being bullied in the school cafeteria, Brian intervenes. He's been bullied enough himself because of his sexuality, and he refuses to let it happen to anyone else. Using his experience in coordinating his school's Day of Silence, supporting GLBT students, he decides to organize a "Spread the Word to End the Word" rally at his school, using the national campaign against the "R-word." But can Brian pull it off?
9336580	MASTERY	Shamira is considered an outcast by most, but little do they know that Shamira is on a mission. Kids on Mars are disappearing, but Shamira decides to use the criminals most unlikely weapons against them, the very kids of which they have captured. In order to succeed, she is forced to trust another, something she is afraid to do. However, Valens her connection to the underworld of her enemy, proves to be a useful ally. Time is slipping, and so is her control on the power that resides within her. Yet, in order to save her brother's life she is willing to risk it all.
20613538	BELONGING	Millions of people witnessed Emma Taylor's first kiss--a kiss that needed twelve takes and four camera angles to get right. After spending nearly all of her teen years performing on cue, Emma wonders if any part of her life is real anymore . . . particularly her relationships.Jake Elliott's face is on magazine ads around the world, but his lucrative modeling deals were a poor substitute for what he had to leave behind. Now acting is offering Jake everything he wants: close proximity to home; an opportunity to finally start school; and plenty of time with the smart and irresistible Emma Taylor . . . if she would just give him a chance.When Jake takes Emma behind the scenes of his real life, she begins to see how genuine he is, but on-set relationships always end badly. Don't they? Toss in Hollywood's most notorious heartthrob and a resident diva who may or may not be as evil as she seems, and the production of Coyote Hills heats up in unexpected--and romantic--ways.This novel in the deliciously fun If Only romance line proves that the best kinds of love stories don't follow a script.
1127692	MASTERY	Darkness falls. . . .Swords clash. . . .Evil reigns.Eragon and his dragon, Saphira, have just saved the revel state from destruction by the mighty forces of King Galbatorix, cruel ruler of the Empire. Now Eragon must travel to Ellesmera, land of the elves, for further training in magic and swordsmanship, the vital skills of the Dragon Rider. It is the journey of a lifetime, filled with awe-inspiring new places and people, each day a fresh adventure. But chaos and betrayal plague him at every turn, and Eragon isn't sure whom he can trust.Meanwhile, his cousin Roran must fight a new battle back home in Carvahall -- one that puts Eragon in even graver danger.Will the king's dark hand strangle all resistance? Eragon may not escape with even his life. . . .
6979774	MASTERY	Some secrets shouldn't be kept...Up until three months ago, everything in sixteen-year-old Camelia's life had been fairly ordinary: decent grades; an okay relationship with her parents; and a pretty cool part-time job at the art studio downtown. But when Ben, the mysterious new guy, starts junior year at her high school, Camelia's life becomes anything but ordinary.Rumored to be somehow responsible for his ex-girlfriend's accidental death, Ben is immediately ostracized by everyone on campus. Except for Camelia. She's reluctant to believe the rumors, even when her friends try to convince her otherwise. She's inexplicably drawn to Ben and to his touch. But soon, Camelia is receiving eerie phone calls and strange packages with threatening notes. Ben insists she is in danger, and that he can help-but can he be trusted? She knows he's hiding something... but he's not the only one with a secret.From the best-selling author of Blue is for Nightmarescomes a story of paranormal romance that's sure to be a thrilling and chilling teen favorite.
12996496	BELONGING	Best. Birthday. Ever. At least, it was supposed to be. With Logan's band playing a crucial gig and Aura's plans for an intimate after-party, Aura knows it will be the most memorable night of her boyfriend's life. She never thought it would be his last.Logan's sudden death leaves Aura devastated. He's gone.Well, sort of.Like everyone born after the Shift, Aura can see and talk to ghosts. This mysterious ability had always been annoying, and Aura had wanted nothing more than to figure out why the Shift happened so she could undo it. But not with Logan's violet-hued spirit still hanging around. Because Dead Logan is almost as real as ever. Almost.It doesn't help that Aura's new friend Zachary is so understanding - and so very alive. His support means more to Aura than she cares to admit.As Aura's relationship with with the dead and the living grow ever complicated, so do her feelings for Logan and Zachary. Each holds a piece of Aura's heart... and clues to the secret of the Shift.
20663792	MASTERY	Against the odds, Andi is not only surviving in a world where flesh-eating undead hunt the living, but has managed thrive. When she first went through the gates of the military base with Will, she thought it was their chance for a normal life. Well-- as normal as they could have during a zombie apocalypse.But life on the military base was nothing like she expected. Training takes every ounce of energy she has. With few friends and Will gone more than he's home, she's left to wonder: was staying the right decision?When Will doesn't return from a mission, Andi knows her only choice is to go look for him. Her chances of finding Will with a pulse are slim, but worse, she knows what she'll have to do if she finds him without one. But Andi has to try. She clings to the tiniest shred of hope, even though death and heartache await her on the journeyWhat she finds in the end may destroy her idea of the future and force her to rethink everything...
35503451	MASTERY	Listening time 9 hours 22 minutesWhen Princess Cassia Rose fled her home world of Eturia to escape an arranged marriage, she had no idea her sudden departure would spark a war. Now after two years hiding as a ship hand, she is finally returning to her beloved home, but not in the way she imagined. Shackled by bounty hunters, she is violently dragged back to account for her crimes. Her only solace is that the Banshee crew managed to evade capture, including Kane Arric, her best friend...with occasional benefits.Meanwhile, Kane and the rest of the crew of the Banshee plan a desperate rescue mission. But when they arrive on Eturia, Cassia isn't exactly in need of heroics--she's claimed her birthright as Eturia's queen, but has inherited a war-torn planet simmering with rebellion. Cassia must make alliances, and Kane, the bastard son of a merchant, isn't a choice that will earn her any friends. Kane knows he will never find someone to replace Cassia--and is certain she returns his feelings--but how can he throw away his own promising future waiting on a queen?When the outer realm is threatened by the dangerous Zhang mafia, Cassia, Kane and the rest of the Banshee crew uncover a horrifying conspiracy that endangers the entire universe. In the face of unspeakable evil, Cassia must confront her own family's complicated legacy on Eturia and decide once and for all who her real family is.
25800477	NONE	9 parts 10 hours 26 minutesNew York Times bestselling author Morgan Rhodes takes readers into exhilarating new high-fantasy territory with A BOOK OF SPIRITS AND THIEVES. Written in alternating perspectives that shift between modern-day Toronto and the ancient kingdoms of Mytica, Rhodes masterfully weaves the dark, magical world of her Falling Kingdoms series into an epic contemporary saga that will leave you breathless. Modern-day Toronto: A heavy leather-bound book written in an unrecognizable language is delivered to the Speckled Muse, the antique bookshop owned by Crystal and Becca Hatcher's mother. When Becca opens it, she's sent into a coma, leaving Crys behind to uncover a series of terrifying secrets.Ancient Mytica: A merciless goddess hunts for the elusive treasure that will make her ruler not only of Mytica, but of all the unseen worlds that lay beyond it.Modern-day Toronto: Rich and aimless Farrell Grayson finally has the chance to prove himself when the mysterious leader of a powerful secret society invites him into his fold.Ancient Mytica: Maddox Corso has always been different, but never remarkable. Everything changes the day he meets a pretty, unfamiliar girl from a faraway land, only to realize that he's the only one who can see her.Fate has brought these young people together, but ancient magic threatens to rip them apart.
11845809	NONE	Jeden Tag kampft Nora aufs Neue. Eigentlich sehnt sie sich nach Spass und Verliebtsein und Planeschmieden. Doch Nora hat Angst. Die Angst hat sich in ihr Leben geschlichen und lasst sie nicht mehr los. Immer haufiger werden ihre Panikattacken, bis Nora den Kampf aufgibt. Erst als es fast zu spat ist, findet sie einen Weg aus ihrer Verzweiflung. Und einen Schutz vor der Welt draussen. Nora ist nur eine von vielen Jugendlichen in Deutschland, die auf jugendpsychiatrischen Stationen Hilfe finden. Stellvertretend fur sie hat Nora ihre Geschichte erzahlt und damit einen Roman ermoglicht, der in seiner schonungslosen Offenheit Mut macht.
13335037	INDEPENDENCE	Paperback features over fifty pages of bonus materials, including a sneak peek of Insurgent, an author Q&A, a discussion guide, a Divergentplaylist, faction manifestos, and more!In Beatrice Prior's dystopian Chicago world, society is divided into five factions, each dedicated to the cultivation of a particular virtue--Candor (the honest), Abnegation (the selfless), Dauntless (the brave), Amity (the peaceful), and Erudite (the intelligent). On an appointed day of every year, all sixteen-year-olds must select the faction to which they will devote the rest of their lives. For Beatrice, the decision is between staying with her family and being who she really is--she can't have both. So she makes a choice that surprises everyone, including herself.During the highly competitive initiation that follows, Beatrice renames herself Tris and struggles alongside her fellow initiates to live out the choice they have made. Together they must undergo extreme physical tests of endurance and intense psychological simulations, some with devastating consequences. As initiation transforms them all, Tris must determine who her friends really are--and where, exactly, a romance with a sometimes fascinating, sometimes exasperating boy fits into the life she's chosen. But Tris also has a secret, one she's kept hidden from everyone because she's been warned it can mean death. And as she discovers unrest and growing conflict that threaten to unravel her seemingly perfect society, she also learns that her secret might help her save those she loves . . . or it might destroy her.Veronica Roth is the New York Timesbestselling author of Divergent, the first in a trilogy of dystopian thrillers filled with electrifying decisions, heartbreaking betrayals, stunning consequences, and unexpected romance.
21261173	BELONGING	Normal people don't believe their nightmares stalk them. They don't fall in love with boys who don't exist, either.Seventeen-year-old Layla Labelle, though, is far from normal. Her delusions walk the earth. Her hallucinations hunt her, and her skin heats to a burn every time her anger flares. Or is that all in her head?Layla doesn't know what to believe any more because if none of that's true, Max MacLarnon must be an illusion, and her heart must still be broken. No matter how much she wants to believe Max is real, doing so would mean everything else is, too. How, then, is that possible?The answers lie in an age-old legend the supernatural aren't prepared to reveal, and with a curse that could tear Layla and Max apart forever--if it doesn't kill them both first.Learning the truth will mean fighting an arsenal of demons, and being with Max will put Layla on a path toward her own destruction. Just how far will Layla go to protect the one she loves? The answer may never be far enough... away.
25798554	INDEPENDENCE	The Youtube star CutiePieMarzia wants to scare to death the whole world!Amethyst knows that something is different as soon as she sees it: the house of her dreams is right in front of her, yet she can't bring herself to move a single muscle - until the Blooms kindly invite her inside. That sweet, elderly couple is so welcoming, just like their home, but after Amethyst has spent her first night there, everything suddenly changes.She finds herself alone, but her path is continuously crossed by strange people: Alfred, the gardener; Avery, the neighbour, and even that sinister woman who comes over at night...Would they happen to know where The Blooms are? Soon enough, what began like a dream turns into a nightmare for Amethyst, who tries to uncover the mystery hidden between the walls of this gorgeous house in White Hills.CutiePieMarzia's first horror novel4 millions fans over the world are waiting to read it.
30329462	MASTERY	For everyone and everything there is a time to die.Lirael is no longer a shy Second Assistant Librarian. She is the Abhorsen-in-Waiting, with Dead creatures to battle and Free Magic entities to bind. She's also a Remembrancer, wielder of the Dark Mirror. Lirael lost one of her hands in the binding of Orannis, but now she has a new hand, one of gilded steel and Charter Magic.When Lirael finds Nicholas Sayre lying unconscious after being attacked by a hideous Free Magic creature, she uses her powers to save him. But Nicholas is deeply tainted with Free Magic. Fearing it will escape the Charter mark that seals it within his flesh and bones, Lirael seeks help for Nick at her childhood home, the Clayr's Glacier.But even as Lirael and Nick return to the Clayr, a young woman from the distant North braves the elements and many enemies in a desperate attempt to deliver a message to Lirael from her long-dead mother, Arielle. Ferin brings a dire warning about the Witch With No Face. But who is the Witch, and what is she planning?Once more a great danger threatens the Old Kingdom, and it must be forestalled not only in the living world but also in the cold, remorseless river of Death.
10139094	STABILITY	Most high school sports teams have rivalries with other Schools. At Hamilton High, it's a civil war: the football team versus the soccer team. And for her part, Lissa is sick of it. Her quarterback boyfriend, Randy, is always ditching her to go pick a fight or haze a freshman. And on three separate occasions Randy's car has been egged while he and Lissa were inside, making out. She is done competing with a bunch of sweaty boys for her own boyfriend's attention.Lissa decides to end the rivalry once and for all: she and the other players' girlfriends go on a hookup strike. The boys won't get any action from them until the football and soccer teams make peace. What they don't count on is a new sort of rivalry: an impossible girls-against-boys showdown that hinges on who will cave to their libidos first. And Lissa never sees her own sexual tension with the leader of the boys, Cash Sterling, coming. In this hilarious and romantic reimagining of Aristophanes' Lysistrata, the battle of boys against girls is on.
3766132	INDEPENDENCE	It wasn't the perfect life, but it was their life--Devon's and his dad's. They were there for each other. He wasn't prepared for Lily to come along and enchant his father with her giggles and shy glances. Devon has a bad feeling about this new woman who seems endearing one minute, ice cold the next, but his dad is hooked, and Lily moves in. When Devon's father suddenly falls ill, and doctors can't find the problem, Lily insists that they travel to her native Vietnam, where her uncle can treat him. Once in her family's tiny apartment, Lily forces Devon away from his father, and makes him drink some musky tea that is supposed to calm him. It is only when Devon wakes up in a locked room that he begins to realize his suspicions about Lily weren't nearly as horrific as who she really is, and what she has done.Within days, Devon finds himself locked up in a different location, with three other boys. Through hushed conversations in broken English and Vietnamese, Devon learns that he is now the property of a restaurant-owner named Long, and that he has been transported to Cambodia. As the nightmare worsens, the reality that this restaurant doubles as a brothel sets in. Because of his fiery red hair and freckles, Long is able to demand a higher price for him, and her customers start a bidding war. With the memory of his father and his old life keeping him from complete despair, Devon manages to hope for escape or rescue. Back home, those close to Devon refuse to believe Lily's lies about him "running away" in Vietnam, and an international search effort begins. Once found, the challenges continue, as Devon faces a new life without his father, and a new identity molded by unspeakable memories.
25900546	MASTERY	From #1 New York Timesbestselling author Kelley Armstrong comes the breathtaking conclusion to the Age of Legends trilogy, perfect for fans of Gracelingand Game of Thrones.The empire rests on the edge of a knife, and sisters Ashyn and Moria are the handle and the blade. Desperate to outmaneuver the evil Alvar Kitsune, whose hold on the people grows stronger every day, Emperor Tatsu begs Moria to put aside past grievances and ally with Gavril--at least long enough to make an attempt on Alvar's life. Meanwhile, reunited with her long-lost grandfather, Ashyn discovers that she is the key to a ritual that could reawaken an ancient dragon and turn the tide of the coming battle in their favor.But with lies and betrayal lurking around every corner, Ashyn and Moria will have to decide once and for all where their allegiances are. And it may not be where their hearts would lead them....In this breathtaking final book in her epic trilogy the Age of Legends, #1 New York Times bestselling author Kelley Armstrong blends fantasy, action, and romance to give readers the unforgettable ending they've been waiting for.
28449727	NONE	Star Wars meets Romeo and Juliet in this epic YA novel that follows two best friends who find themselves on opposite sides of the war between the Empire and the Rebellion.This thrilling YA novel gives readers a macro view of some of the most important events in the Star Wars universe: from the purge of the Jedi in Episode III, to the beginnings of the rebellion in Star Wars Rebels, and through the fall of the Empire in Episodes IV-IV. Readers will experience these major moments through the eyes of two best friends who grow up in these troubling times, and find themselves on opposite sides of the war.As with other Journey to Episode VII titles, hints about the upcoming film will be included in the narrative, as well a original, post-Episode VI content that sets up the new film.DUAL NARRATIVE: Chapters alternate perspectives between our two protagonists - one a Rebel pilot, the other an Imperial officer. By exploring these two different worlds, readers will experience many of the major moments in the original Star Wars trilogy - from the destruction of the Death Star to the battle of Hoth - through these two characters' eyes.
29387115	MASTERY	When Kimberley's father loses his job and it looks like her whole family will be homeless, a mysterious old benefactor saves them by leaving his 'mansion' to them in his will. However, their new house, with it's history of spooky happenings and disappearances, is not all it seems. When Kim's little brother goes missing, it's up to Kim and her new friend, Nate, to find him. The problem is... When they do - who will find them?The first in a new YA series, The Labyrinthians begins a story of adventure and of terror and finding yourself when everything else seems lost.
19346537	NONE	A paperback edition of three novellas set within the world of the New York Times bestselling Girl of Fire and Thorns series, previously available only digitally: The Shadow Cats, The Shattered Mountain, and The King's Guard.The Shadow Cats is told from the perspective of Elisa's older sister. Discover how their sibling rivalry looks from Alodia's viewpoint, and find out why Alodia agrees to marry her sister off to King Alejandro of Joya de Vega.The Shattered Mountain revolves around Elisa's best friend and handmaiden, Mara. Before she meets Elisa at the rebel camp in The Girl of Fire and Thorns, she suffers her own tragedy. Her village is destroyed and she must lead the few young survivors to safety.The King's Guard centers on Hector, Commander of the Royal Guard and Elisa's true love. Set years before The Girl of Fire and Thorns, it shows us fifteen-year-old Hector as a new recruit. He must prove himself--and he discovers a secret he must keep forever.
12979843	MASTERY	Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has won the annual Hunger Games with fellow district tribute Peeta Mellark. But it was a victory won by defiance of the Capitol and their harsh rules. Katniss and Peeta should be happy. After all, they have just won for themselves and their families a life of safety and plenty. But there are rumors of rebellion among the subjects, and Katniss and Peeta, to their horror, are the faces of that rebellion. The Capitol is angry. The Capitol wants revenge.--scholastic.co.in
15774686	MASTERY	Manhattan, 2147Seventeen-year-old Sera Fisk gleefully celebrates the death of her 114-year-old great-grandmother, the last Atraxian alive who still remembers what New York was like before Felicity.There is only one principle of Felicity: Suffering is optional. Those who disagree or forget this principle, as Sera's father did, are detained and "purified". Through the use of the Darklandia virtual reality and mandatory water rations, the Department of Felicity has transformed metropolises all over the country into happy, obedient communities.Inspired by her great-grandmother's last words, Sera stops drinking the water rations and is soon recruited by Nyx into a rebel organization in the midst of planning a full-scale attack on Darklandia. When Nyx attempts to override the Darklandia system, he stumbles upon shocking information about Sera and her family. After years of living in a haze of virtual reality and drugs, Sera finds herself running from a powerful surge of raw emotions and a government agency intent on keeping reality a secret.
25361907	BELONGING	Nicolette Holland is the girl everyone likes. Up for adventure. Loyal to a fault. And she's pretty sure she can get away with anything...until a young woman is brutally murdered in the woods near Nicolette's house. Which is why she has to disappear.Jack Manx has always been the stand-up guy with the killer last name. But straight A's and athletic trophies can't make people forget that his father was a hit man and his brother is doing time for armed assault. Just when Jack is about to graduate from his Las Vegas high school and head east for college, his brother pulls him into the family business with inescapable instructions: find this ruthless Nicolette Holland and get rid of her. Or else Jack and everyone he loves will pay the price.As Nicolette and Jack race to outsmart each other, tensions--and attractions--run high. Told in alternating voices.
25774765	BELONGING	He was just a boy.And I was just a girl.But if that's all there was to the story it wouldn't be very interesting, would it?Up and coming band Willow Creek is back in their hometown for the summer. For the drummer, Maddox Wade, this summer was meant for writing music and playing gigs.Falling in love was not part of the plan.One look at Emma Burke and those plans cease to matter.Emma is quiet and guarded. She's still hurt from her father walking out two years ago. She doesn't want to trust Maddox, but with his dark hair, smoldering good looks, and infectious smile he's impossible to resist.Together Maddox and Emma embark on an unforgettable summer of adventures and first love.Everything is perfect...or so Emma thinks.There are things she doesn't know, and when she finds out the truth it might shatter everything she's built with Maddox.No one said love was easy, and for Maddox and Emma it just might be impossible.This is a Young Adult book. The following books in the series will be New Adult
25742635	INDEPENDENCE	Candace "Candy" Pickens has been obsessed with the swamp lore of her tiny Louisiana town for...forever.That doesn't mean Candy's a believer, however. She and her friends entered the swamp at the start of summer and left it changed, but Candy's the only one who can't see or feel the magical Shine. She's also the only one who can't see the ghosts that have been appearing in town ever since. So Candy concentrates on other things--real things. Like fighting with her mother and plotting her escape from her crazy town.But ghosts aren't the only newcomers in Sticks, Louisiana. The King family arrives like a hurricane: in a blur and unwanted--at least by Candy. Mr. King is intent on filming the rumored ghostly activity for his hit TV show, Local Haunts. And while Candy can't ignore how attracted she is to eighteen-year-old Gage King and how much his sister, Nova, wants to be friends, she's still suspicious of the family.As Candy tries to figure out why the Kings are really in town and why the swamp now seems to be invading every crack in her logical, cynical mind, she stumbles across the one piece of swamp lore she didn't know. It's a tale that's more truth than myth, and may have all the answers...and its roots are in Candy's own family tree.
33521763	BELONGING	Big and sweeping, spanning from the refined palaces of Osfrid to the gold dust and untamed forests of Adoria, The Glittering Courttells the story of Adelaide, an Osfridian countess who poses as her servant to escape an arranged marriage and start a new life in Adoria, the New World. But to do that, she must join the Glittering Court.Both a school and a business venture, the Glittering Court is designed to transform impoverished girls into upper-class ladies who appear destined for powerful and wealthy marriages in the New World. Adelaide naturally excels in her training, and even makes a few friends: the fiery former laundress Tamsin and the beautiful Sirminican refugee Mira. She manages to keep her true identity hidden from all but one: the intriguing Cedric Thorn, son of the wealthy proprietor of the Glittering Court.When Adelaide discovers that Cedric is hiding a dangerous secret of his own, together they hatch a scheme to make the best of Adelaide's deception. Complications soon arise--first as they cross the treacherous seas from Osfrid to Adoria, and then when Adelaide catches the attention of a powerful governor.But no complication will prove quite as daunting as the potent attraction simmering between Adelaide and Cedric. An attraction that, if acted on, would scandalize the Glittering Court and make them both outcasts in wild, vastly uncharted lands...
15717986	MASTERY	Sixteen-year-old Sulan Hom can't remember life before the Default--the day the United States government declared bankruptcy. As a math prodigy, she leads a protected life, kept safe from the hunger and crime plaguing the streets of America. She attends the corporate-sponsored Virtual High School, an academy in Vex (Virtual Experience) for gifted children.Beyond the security of Sulan's high-tech world, the Anti-American League wages a guerrilla war against the United States. Their leader, Imugi, is dedicated to undermining the nation's reconstruction attempts. He attacks anything considered a national resource, including corporations, food storage facilities--and schools. When Sulan witnesses the public execution of a teenage student and the bombing of a college dorm, she panics.Her mother, a retired mercenary, refuses to teach her how to defend herself. Sulan takes matters into her own hands. With the help of her hacker best friend, Hank, Sulan acquires Touch--an illegal Vex technology that allows her to share the physical experience of her avatar. With Touch, Sulan defies her mother and trains herself to fight.When Imugi unleashes a new attack on the United States, Sulan finds herself caught in his net. Will her Vex training be enough to help her survive and escape?
1084343	INDEPENDENCE	First-time author Neil Connelly's deft and insightful novel about 15-year-old Keegan Flannery's search for life, described by one reader as a male version of Laurie Halse Anderson's "Speak"Keegan Flannery was born a twin though his brother Michael did not survive birth. Now, two weeks before Keegan's sixteenth birthday, he has a dream about his own death. Understanding that Michael was supposed to have lived, and it was he who was meant to have died, Keegan sets out to right all the wrongs by planning his own suicide.But in the final weeks before his 16th birthday and his last day on earth, life intercedes in the plan: Keegan joins the wrestling team and a dialogue between him and his father begins. And it may just be enough to change Keegan's ideas about confession, penance, and the gift of being alive.
13613233	INDEPENDENCE	In the annals of dysfunctional families, the Chisholm's are working their way to the top. Drug abuse, an unwed mother with multiple fathers, and the questionable cash flow for the 'pretty one'. All this from a seemingly normal, two parent middle class family. But were the choices truly made of their free will?Bad choices are a Chisholm family trait, one that confounds the youngest child, Ellie, who's trying to separate herself by making smart decisions. And falling for Oscar Jeffreys, the hottest guy at school, would be number one on the list of Chisholm family disasters. Yet the crazy part is it's not a one sided attraction. Somehow Ellie has caught Oscar Jeffreys' eye. Sure she could see the barriers between them. Race, age, popularity. They were at opposite ends of the spectrum. But a demon set to destroy her family? She can't see that.Oscar provides security and acceptance Ellie never imagined she deserved. As the passion of first love grows, Ellie honestly believes she has a chance to beat the odds and live a happy, normal life. Then her world collapses around her. With the help of a guardian angel, Ellie learns of a world that has unknowingly surrounded her for years. And she'll have to find strength buried deep inside to save not only her future, but flush out and stop the demon in her midst.And Ellie will have to learn that sometimes the hardest lesson about growing up is accepting that you're worth more.
28512572	NONE	At the Calling, kepler 22b told the Players, "The rules of Endgame are simple. Find the keys in order and bring them to me."For Sarah, Jago, Aisling, Maccabee, Shari, An, and Hilal, Endgame has reached its final phase. The third key, Sun Key, is all that stands between one Player saving their line--or perishing along with the rest of the world. And only one can win.But maybe the rules are not so simple. Maybe kepler 22b misstated them. Maybe he underestimated the Players.West Bengal, India. Maccabee has Earth Key and Sky Key and he is determined to find Sun Key. He Plays to win, always. But fate can turn in the blink of an eye. Especially for the Player who carries the strange child, Sky Key, with him to the end.Kolkata, India. An Liu Plays for something more certain: death. His tics have returned, his mind fractures. Will these prevent him from destroying Endgame, and the world along with it?Sikkim, India. Aisling Plays for something more fleeting: life.And in spite of all that's happened in Endgame, Aisling has help. Sarah, Jago, Shari, and Hilal share her mission. Sun Key must not be found. For these Players, the rules of the game have changed.No matter what they're Playing for, all of the remaining Players have one thing in common: They are all willing to die to achieve their mission, whatever this may be.
25897490	INDEPENDENCE	From the New York Times bestselling author of The Program comes a brand-new haunting, romantic, and suspenseful story about one girl's search for healing in a grand and mysterious hotel full of secrets.Stay tonight. Stay forever.When Audrey Casella arrives for an unplanned stay at the grand Hotel Ruby, she's grateful for the detour. Just months after their mother's death, Audrey and her brother, Daniel, are on their way to live with their grandmother, dumped on the doorstep of a DNA-matched stranger because their father is drowning in his grief.Audrey and her family only plan to stay the night, but life in the Ruby can be intoxicating, extending their stay as it provides endless distractions--including handsome guest Elias Lange, who sends Audrey's pulse racing. However, the hotel proves to be as strange as it is beautiful. Nightly fancy affairs in the ballroom are invitation only, and Audrey seems to be the one guest who doesn't have an invite. Instead, she joins the hotel staff on the rooftop, catching whispers about the hotel's dark past.The more Audrey learns about the new people she's met, the more her curiosity grows. She's torn in different directions--the pull of her past with its overwhelming loss, the promise of a future that holds little joy, and an in-between in a place that is so much more than it seems...Welcome to the Ruby.
15705792	INDEPENDENCE	During her junior year, sixteen-year-old Maggie Reynolds expected to shop for prom dresses not maternity clothes. Now, instead of studying for the SATs, she's reading, What to Expect When You're Expecting. Maggie's 'Mother Dearest' lives in fear that Maggie will somehow taint the family name, so Maggie can't turn to her for help. Meanwhile, her father is oblivious to anything but his 9-9 job. And her boyfriend, Justin? She's pretty sure he'll stay by her side.While Maggie wrestles with her options, Justin offers a solution: abortion. It would solve all her problems quickly, easily, and effectively. And her parents would never know, which means they won't throw her out and cut her off like they'd always threatened if she got herself knocked up. But an easy decision becomes difficult when Maggie's aunt discovers her secret and sets out on a mission to stop the abortion, putting a kink in Maggie's plan. Now Maggie must decide which choice she can live with: abortion or teenage motherhood. Either way, it'll be a tough road to travel.
23769371	MASTERY	In the future, only one rule will matter:Don't. Ever. Peek.Seventeen-year-old Ari Alexander just broke that rule and saw the last person she expected hovering above her bed -- arrogant Jackson Locke, the most popular boy in her school. She expects instant execution or some kind of freak alien punishment, but instead, Jackson issues a challenge: help him, or everyone on Earth will die.Ari knows she should report him, but everything about Jackson makes her question what she's been taught about his kind. And against her instincts, she's falling for him. But Ari isn't just any girl, and Jackson wants more than her attention. She's a military legacy who's been trained by her father and exposed to war strategies and societal information no one can know -- especially an alien spy, like Jackson. Giving Jackson the information he needs will betray her father and her country, but keeping silent will start a war.
6277870	MASTERY	Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has won the annual Hunger Games with fellow district tribute Peeta Mellark. But it was a victory won by defiance of the Capitol and their harsh rules. Katniss and Peeta should be happy. After all, they have just won for themselves and their families a life of safety and plenty. But there are rumors of rebellion among the subjects, and Katniss and Peeta, to their horror, are the faces of that rebellion. The Capitol is angry. The Capitol wants revenge.An unabridged recording (11 hours, 41 minutes).
18085618	MASTERY	Malcolm has seven days to unravel a twenty year old mystery, find a body, capture a killer and keep a demon at arm's length.No one hates being a witch quite like Malcolm. But if there's one thing worse than being a witch, it's being a Moonset witch. There are very few things in his life that he can control, and after a fight with his siblings, he's losing his grip on what he's got left.A creature as old as Hamelin has crept out of the Abyss, and its siren song has infected the teenagers of Carrow Mill compelling them, at first, to simply be swept away in love. But love soon turns dangerous, as passion turns to violence and an army of sociopaths is born.The Pied Piper isn't just a story, and he's got his eyes set on Malcolm, promising a life of freedom from magic and the shackles of the Moonset bond. As Carrow Mill burns, Malcolm must make the hardest choice of his life: family? Or freedom?
20511780	BELONGING	The tights run wild and free in this hilarious new novel from the Queen of Comedy!Tallulah Casey is putting all thoughts of wild boy Cain behind her. He is literally an animal in trousers... oo-er. Not like nice boy Charlie (who she's totally not thinking about either).The Tree Sisters are chasing those golden slippers of applause at performing arts college but Dr Lightowler seems hell-bent on spoiling everything for Tallulah. And with all her mates loved up, can Tallulah resist the call of her wild boy?
34009817	BELONGING	Listening time 9 hours 42 minutesThese Royals will ruin you...From wharf fights and school brawls to crumbling lives inside glittery mansions, one guy tries to save himself.Reed Royal has it all--looks, status, money. The girls at his elite prep school line up to date him, the guys want to be him, but Reed never gave a damn about anyone but his family until Ella Harper walked into his life.What started off as burning resentment and the need to make his father's new ward suffer turned into something else entirely--keep Ella close. Keep Ella safe. But when one foolish mistake drives her out of Reed's arms and brings chaos to the Royal household, Reed's entire world begins to fall apart around him.Ella doesn't want him anymore. She says they'll only destroy each other.She might be right.Secrets. Betrayal. Enemies. It's like nothing Reed has ever dealt with before, and if he's going to win back his princess, he'll need to prove himself Royally worthy.
6574093	STABILITY	Sometimes I feel like I have walked into the middle of a movie. Maybe I can make my own movie. The film will be the story of my life. No, not my life, but of this experience. I'll call it what the lady who is the prosecutor called me. MONSTER.FADE IN: INTERIOR COURT. A guard sits at a desk behind Steve. Kathy O'Brien, Steve's lawyer, is all business as she talks to Steve.O'BRIENLet me make sure you understand what's going on. Both you and this King character are on trial for felony murder. Felony Murder is as serious as it gets. . . . When you're in court, you sit there and pay attention. You let the jury know that you think the case is a serious as they do. . . .STEVEYou think we're going to win ?O'BRIEN (seriously)It probably depends on what you mean by "win."Sixteen-year-old Steve Harmon is on trial for murder. A Harlem drugstore owner was shot and killed in his store, and the word is that Steve served as the lookout.Guilty or innocent, Steve becomes a pawn in the hands of "the system," cluttered with cynical authority figures and unscrupulous inmates, who will turn in anyone to shorten their own sentences. For the first time, Steve is forced to think about who he is as he faces prison, where he may spend all the tomorrows of his life.As a way of coping with the horrific events that entangle him, Steve, an amateur filmmaker, decides to transcribe his trial into a script, just like in the movies. He writes it all down, scene by scene, the story of how his whole life was turned around in an instant. But despite his efforts, reality is blurred and his vision obscured until he can no longer tell who he is or what is the truth. This compelling novel is Walter Dean Myers's writing at its best.
34064600	BELONGING	Nik Gustafsson has a secret: He's not really Nik Gustafsson.He's not a spy. He's not crazy.He's just the son and heir to one of the most important families in Europe--one where duty always comes first. And his posh, too-public life is suffocating him. So when he gets the chance to attend boarding school in America, pretending to be an average exchange student is too big of a temptation to pass up.Then he literally runs into Amber on campus. And she hates him at first sight.It's kind of exhilarating to be hated for who he is, not for his family name or his wealth. Maybe if he turns up the charm and turns down the aloof mask he habitually wears, he can win her over. Even though a bad past experience has made her swear off dating this year.But the more he gets to know her, the more uncomfortable he is keeping things from her. Because Nik Gustafsson has a secret. And it's a big one.Disclaimer: This Entangled Teen Crush book contains a hot boy who's the strong and silent type, a studious girl who refuses to believe in fairy-tale romance, and one epic secret that could be disastrous if it comes to light.
26586986	BELONGING	From the award-winning author of Five, Six, Seven, Nate! and Better Nate Than Ever comes "a Holden Caulfield for a new generation" (Kirkus Reviews, starred review).Quinn Roberts is a sixteen-year-old smart aleck and Hollywood hopeful whose only worry used to be writing convincing dialogue for the movies he made with his sister Annabeth. Of course, that was all before--before Quinn stopped going to school, before his mom started sleeping on the sofa...and before the car accident that changed everything.Enter: Geoff, Quinn's best friend who insists it's time that Quinn came out--at least from hibernation. One haircut later, Geoff drags Quinn to his first college party, where instead of nursing his pain, he meets a guy--okay, a hotguy--and falls, hard. What follows is an upside-down week in which Quinn begins imagining his future as a screenplay that might actually have a happily-ever-after ending--if, that is, he can finally step back into the starring role of his own life story.
2454533	INDEPENDENCE	There are two kinds of people on the island -- those who leave at summer's end...and those who are left behind. For seventeen-year-old Winnie, summer can't arrive fast enough -- anything to get out of the house and escape the cold war brewing between her parents. With her older sister, Shelby, spending the summer in Boston, Winnie's left to deal with the situation all by herself. Which is why she's happy to spend all day away from home at a cushy job -- camp counselor at the prestigious Oceanview Inn. And when the Barclays, a wealthy summer family, offer Winnie an additional babysitting job in the evenings after work, she jumps at the opportunity. Little Cassie Barclay is fun to take care of, and hanging out in the gorgeous Barclay summer house overlooking the harbor is far more pleasant than being on the front lines of the battle between her parents. Then Cassie's older and devastatingly attractive stepbrother Jay arrives on the island after a disastrous first year at college, and he seems to want nothing more than to wreak havoc for his stepmother and the rest of his family. Winnie soon discovers that life in the Barclay summer house isn't so perfect after all, and what was supposed to be a carefree summer escapade is quickly becoming more complicated than she ever thought possible....
31130532	BELONGING	"The beginning of Armentrout's new Lux series is a thrilling ride from start to finish...guaranteed to hold your attention and have you begging for more." - Romance Times "Top Pick"Being connected to Daemon Black sucks...Thanks to his alien mojo, Daemon's determined to prove what he feels for me is more than a product of our bizarro connection. So I've sworn him off, even though he's running more hot than cold these days. But we've got bigger problems.Something worse than the Arum has come to town...The Department of Defense are here. If they ever find out what Daemon can do and that we're linked, I'm a goner. So is he. And there's this new boy in school who's got a secret of his own. He knows what's happened to me and he can help, but to do so, I have to lie to Daemon and stay away from him. Like that's possible. Against all common sense, I'm falling for Daemon. Hard.But then everything changes...I've seen someone who shouldn't be alive. And I have to tell Daemon, even though I know he's never going to stop searching until he gets the truth. What happened to his brother? Who betrayed him? And what does the DOD want from them--from me?No one is who they seem. And not everyone will survive the lies...
18527496	BELONGING	A deliciously charming novel about finding true love . . . and yourself.Nothing ever happens in Little, CA. Which is just the way Carter Moon likes it. But when Hollywood arrives to film a movie starring former child star turned PR mess Adam Jakes, everything changes. Carter's town becomes a giant glittery set and, much to her annoyance, everyone is starry-eyed for Adam. Carter seems to be the only girl not falling all over herself to get a glimpse of him. Which apparently makes her perfect for the secret offer of a lifetime: playing the role of Adam's girlfriend while he's in town, to improve his public image, in exchange for a hefty paycheck. Her family really needs the money and so Carters agrees. But it turns out Adam isn't at all who she thought he was. As they grow closer, their relationship walks a blurry line between what's real and what's fake, and Carter must open her eyes to the scariest of unexplored worlds - her future. Can Carter figure out what she wants out of life AND get the guy? Or are there no Hollywood endings in real life?
18339665	MASTERY	The first book in an urban fantasy series about loyalty, power, and the rules of survival.Vampires are the only guardians Vance Ehecatl has ever known since he was abandoned by his shapeshifter family. He is grateful to them for generously providing for all of his needs and for offering him a home in the powerful empire of Midnight. But when an act of violence forces Vance from his sheltered life, he's startled to meet Malachi Obsidian, a fellow shapeshifter with conflicting ideas about Midnight and its leader, Mistress Jeshickah.Malachi claims Vance is a bloodwitch, who Jeshickah and her trainers, Jaguar and Taro, are trying to control. Vance doesn't know anything about the rare and destructive magic Malachi says he possesses, and he can't believe Jeshickah would use it to hurt others. But when his friends begin falling ill, Vance starts to realize his perfect world may not be as flawless as it seems. Now Vance must decide who to trust--the vampires he's always relied upon, or the shapeshifters who despise them.Praise for Bloodwitch, Book 1 in the Maeve'ra trilogy: "Edgy world building, with cultures and societies based loosely on real history, is compelling. This book is highly recommended for Atwater-Rhodes fans and urban fantasy or alternate reality readers." --VOYA"A satisfying read." --SLJ "Plenty of fun ahead for the author's many fans." --Kirkus "Atwater-Rhodes made a splash with her first novel, In the Forests of the Night(1999). Since then she has continued writing lush fantasies of fully realized, well conceived worlds, and the first volume in the new Maeve'ra series is no exception." --Booklist
13264103	BELONGING	A few years after rebel Tally Youngblood takes down the Specials regime, a cultural renaissance sweeps the world. "Tech-heads" flaunt their latest gadgets, "kickers" spread gossip and trends, and "surge monkeys" are hooked on extreme plastic surgery. Popularity rules, and everyone craves fame.Fifteen-year-old Aya Fuse is no exception. But Aya's face rank is so low, she's a total nobody. An extra. Her only chance at stardom is to kick a wild and unexpected story.Then she stumbles upon a big secret. Aya knows she is on the cusp of celebrity. But the information she is about to disclose will change both her fate ... and that of the brave new world.
17262765	MASTERY	Allie Kim suffers from Xeroderma Pigmentosum: a fatal allergy to sunlight that confines her and her two best friends, Rob and Juliet, to the night. When freewheeling Juliet takes up Parkour--the stunt-sport of scaling and leaping from tall buildings--Allie and Rob have no choice but to join her, if only to protect her. Though potentially deadly, Parkour after dark makes Allie feel truly alive, and for the first time equal to the "daytimers."On a random summer night, the trio catches a glimpse of what appears to be murder--and the murderer sees them, too. A game of cat-and-mouse ensues that escalates through the underground world of experimental treatment, off-the-grid sports, and forbidden love. Allie, who can never see the light of day, discovers she alone can stop a human monster.
18079680	INDEPENDENCE	New York Timesbestselling author Lili St. Crow thrilled legions of fans with her dark paranormal series Strange Angels. Now she has created a stirringly romantic, deliciously spooky update of Cinderella, the alluring second volume in her trilogy Tales of Beauty and Madness.Ellie Sinder is a Charmer--the most powerful of her age that St. Juno's Academy has ever seen. But Ellie's stepmother, Laurissa, wields manipulation and abuse to force Ellie to work her spells ever more intensely, for Laurissa's profit.Then a train from over the Wastelands arrives in New Haven, bearing on it golden boy Avery Fletcher, newly returned from prep school, wearing a sweater Ellie'd love to bury her face in and a smile as bright as his blond hair. Avery's arrival sets Laurissa off on a dark and dangerous scheme--and this time the soul up for grabs is Ellie's.New York Timesbestselling author Lili St. Crow has created a stirringly romantic, deliciously spooky update of Cinderella, the alluring second volume in her trilogy Tales of Beauty and Madness.
4533518	MASTERY	Surpassing its popular prequel Eragon, this second volume in the Inheritance trilogy shows growing maturity and skill on the part of its very young author, who was only seventeen when the first volume was published in 2003. The story is solidly in the tradition (some might say derivative) of the classic heroic quest fantasy, with the predictable cast of dwarves, elves, and dragonsbut also including some imaginatively creepy creatures of evil.The land of Alagaesia is suffering under the Empire of the wicked Galbatorix, and Eragon and his dragon Saphira, last of the Riders, are the only hope. But Eragon is young and has much to learn, and so he is sent off to the elven forest city of Ellesmera, where he and Saphira are tutored in magic, battle skills, and the ancient language by the wise former Rider Oromis and his elderly dragon Glaedr. Meanwhile, back at Carvahall, Eragon's home, his cousin Roran is the target of a siege by the hideous Ra'zac, and he must lead the villagers on a desperate escape over the mountains. The two narratives move toward a massive battle with the forces of Galbatorix, where Eragon learns a shocking secret about his parentage and commits himself to saving his people.The sheer size of the novel, as well as its many characters, places with difficult names, and its use of imaginary languages make this a challenging read, even for experienced fantasy readers. It is essential to have the plot threads of the first volume well in mind before beginning--the publisher has provided not only a map, but a helpful synopsis of the first book and a much-needed Language Guide. But no obstacles will deter the many fans of Eragon from diving headfirst into this highly-awaited fantasy. (Ages 12 and up) --Patty Campbell:
28005891	BELONGING	Simon Snow is the worst chosen one who's ever been chosenThat's what his roommate, Baz, says. And Baz might be evil and a vampire and a complete git, but he's probably right.Half the time Simon can't even make his wand work, and the other half, he sets something on fire. His mentor's avoiding him, his girlfriend broke up with him, and there's a magic-eating monster running around wearing Simon's face. Baz would be having a field day with all this, if he were here - it's their last year at Watford School of Magicks, and Simon's infuriating nemesis didn't even bother to show up.Carry Onis a love letter to love stories and the power of words - to every 'chosen one' who ever had more on their mind than saving the world...
18007562	BELONGING	Switching places with someone else has never been more fun than in this novel about following your dreams and finding your heart from the author of Meant to Bethat Huntley Fitzpatrick, author of My Life Next Door, calls "unforgettable" and "full of twists and romance."Meet Sloane Emily Jacobs: a seriously stressed-out figure skater who choked during junior nationals.Now meet Sloane Devon Jacobs, a spunky ice hockey player who's been suspended from her team for too many aggressive hip checks.The two girls are on their way to skating camps in Montreal when a luggage mix-up causes them to meet. Pretty soon, the Sloanes realize that this is the opportunity they've been waiting for: the chance to escape their lives and switch places for the summer. But it didn't occur to Sloane E. that she might meet a hockey hottie; and Sloane D. never expected to run into a familiar (and very good-looking) face from home. It's not long before the Sloanes discover that convincing people you're someone else might be more difficult than being yourself.***"A twist on the identity-swap that's both cozily familiar and fresh . . . . sweetly uplifting."--Publishers Weekly"Enjoyable."--Kirkus Reviews"Sweet and satisfying."--Booklist"Super cute, super hilarious and a totally fun read. I'm a big fan of the "two people switch places and fool everyone around them" plot line (see: The Parent Trap), and Being Sloane Jacobspulled it off awesomely." -HelloGiggles.comFrom the Hardcover edition.
36086567	NONE	Dein Schicksal ist ein Buch, das du selbst schreibst! Das Leben von Amrita, 16-jahrige Prinzessin des Konigreichs Shalingar, andert sich auf einen Schlag, als der Despot Sikander Shalingar erobert und ihren Vater totet. Gemeinsam mit der Sklavin und Seherin Thala gelingt Amrita die Flucht und beide machen sich auf den Weg, die "Bibliothek der Dinge" zu finden, um das Schicksal der Welt zu andern und schliesslich zuruck in die Vergangenheit zu reisen: an den Punkt, wo das Unheil begann. Doch was, wenn der einzige Weg, ihren Vater und ihr Land zu retten, bedeutet, dass Amrita sich selbst und ihre grosse Liebe opfern muss?Opulent, aussergewohnlich atmospharisch, erzahlt in ungemein detailreicher, bildhafter Sprache: AMRITA ist literarische Fantasy mit starken, unabhangigen und klugen Heldinnen.
22269154	INDEPENDENCE	Even under the most normal circumstances, high school can be a painful and confusing time. Unfortunately, Lilianna's circumstances are anything but normal. Only a few people know what caused her sudden change from model student to the withdrawn pessimist she has become, but her situation isn't about to get any better. When people begin coming down with a quick-spreading illness that doctors are unable to treat, Lil's worst fears are realized. With her parents called away on business before the contagious outbreak-her father in Delaware covering the early stages of the disease and her mother in Hong Kong and unable to get a flight back to New Jersey-Lil's town is hit by what soon becomes a widespread illness and fatal disaster. Now, she's more alone than she's been since the "incident" at her school months ago.With friends and neighbors dying all around her, Lil does everything she can just to survive. But as the disease rages on, so does an unexpected tension as Lil is torn between an old ex and a new romantic interest. Just when it all seems too much, the cause of her original trauma shows up at her door. In this thrilling debut from author Yvonne Ventresca, Lil must find a way to survive not only the outbreak and its real-life consequences, but also her own personal demons.
21513586	BELONGING	Leila has made it most of the way through Armstead Academy without having a crush on anyone, which is a relief. As an Iranian American, she's different enough; if word got out that Leila liked girls, life would be twice as hard. But when beautiful new girl Saskia shows up, Leila starts to take risks she never thought she would.As she carefully confides in trusted friends about Saskia's confusing signals, Leila begins to figure out that all her classmates are more complicated than they first appear to be, and some are keeping surprising secrets of their own.
35520012	BELONGING	Everyone knows Abby Turner is in love with her best friend, Cooper Wells. Including Cooper Wells. But despite what people tell her, it doesn't affect their friendship. And she's practically over it, anyway. What she really can't get over is when her boss at the local museum tells her that her paintings lack heart.Art is Abby's passion and she hopes her future as well. She is determined to change his mind and earn her way into the upcoming exhibit at the gallery. So along with her family's help, she compiles "The Heart List," a series of soulstretching experiences that are sure to make her a deeper person and better artist in six weeks or less. When Cooper decides to complete the list along with her, she realizes this list is expanding her heart in more ways than one. Maybe she needs to start another project.Love, Life, and the List is about a girl who, in an effort to bring more emotional depth to her art, compiles a list of soul-stretching experiences to complete with her best friend--a boy she also happens to be in love with.This is the first in a set of three standalone books with crossover characters.
23362659	BELONGING	Violet and Abby pledged to stay best friends forever, a vow put to the ultimate test when Violet dies in a tragic accident--and comes back. Now boys are turning up dead, attacked by a creature both alien, and terrifyingly familiar and Abby is beginning to suspect that her best friend may have returned...different. Funny and heartbreaking, 'The End of Violet and Abby' combines the sharp observations of Mean Girls with the sarcastic wit of Buffy the Vampire Slayer to tell the story of two young women struggling to save their friendship--and each other--from an ancient evil that threatens everything they love.
514890	BELONGING	My sympathy fades as Chardonnay twists around to spread her lips in a demented grin. Her long yellow teeth probably haven't seen a toothbrush in months. I take a chance and smile back, and what do I get? A pudgy middle finger jabbed under my nose.My next thought is: Wow. I may not even survive homeroom.One hour into her first day of tenth grade, Martha Kowalski knows she's really in trouble. The school bully, Chardonnay, has already threatened her life--and at home, things are even worse. Martha's mom, fresh out of rehab, is shacking up with an obnoxious jerk in a neighborhood that can only be described as a "ghetto."More than anything she's ever wanted, Martha wants to play the cello. But even music becomes dangerous to her health--because nothing is what it seems in this place. With her mother's willpower dissolving, Martha watches helplessly as her own dreams slip further away.But in an exhilarating twist that would stun even Cinderella, everything changes. A wealthy lawyer invites her into his family's home and Martha is given a chance to start over. The warm, caring Brinkmans treat Martha like one of the family and even though it feels so right, she knows they can'tbe as perfect as they seem. And she knows that this fairy tale can't last forever...An unforgettable debut, Before, After and Somebody in Betweenis smart, poignant, and very real.
1907139	MASTERY	If your vision asked you to risk your life to save others, would you have the courage?When Samantha McGregor tells her friend Detective Ebony Hamilton of her disturbing visions of a brutal murder at a high school, Ebony asks her to go undercover to help identify the shooter before it's too late. The stakes are raised when Ebony discovers that the potential crime may be connected to a larger terrorism threat!Meanwhile, Samantha realizes that her mother's new boyfriend is a little too good to be true. Her unsettling visions, combined with Ebony's investigation of Steven's past, reveal him to be more interested in her mother's money than her heart.To make matters worse, Samantha has been having visions of an unknown boy who is mercilessly being bullied by his peers. Who is this teen? Can she help him?This fourth and final installment in The Secret Life of Samantha McGregor series brings Samantha her biggest challenges yet, as she works against the clock to stop a mass murder, help a troubled youth, and save her mother from making a terrible mistake!From the Trade Paperback edition.
17619478	INDEPENDENCE	The Visitors Series: Book OneSome secrets should never be revealed...Brylee Branson begrudgingly made the excruciating move with her family from the warm sandy beaches of California to small town living in New Jersey. As if she wasn't miserable enough, they've moved into a creepy old house that everyone in the area claims is haunted. Brylee dismisses the idea of ghosts and hauntings, until she begins to see and hear things that can't be explained...Brylee has no choice but to seek the help of new friends to unlock the secrets of this place she now calls home. But some secrets should never be revealed. Can the teens find a way to release the spirits imprisoned within the walls? Or will the curse claim them, too?
27262881	STABILITY	Meredith Molloney never thought she'd find a mate, let alone someone like Donovan Murry--one of the most powerful Alphas alive. Now that she's no longer cursed and the evil Luciana Alvarez has been taken care of, she thinks life will finally settle down. Boy, has she never been so wrong.In the middle of the night, Donovan gets a call telling him that his pack has gone to pieces. The news that his second in command has been found brutally murdered has Donovan packing his bags for Ireland, but the last thing Meredith wants to do is leave Texas. She's heard about how the Celtic Pack are with outsiders. And Donovan has more than a few exes in the pack that will be less than friendly.Meredith's never let a few angry wolves stop her, and she's not about to start now. She's faced down much worse the past few months. But when she gets there, she finds that it's not just a few exes who stand in the way between her and her Full Moon Ceremony with Donovan.Meredith is thrust in to a deadly game of pack politics, one the fey have happily joined in on. When the dust settles, she knows she'll either have everything that she wants or lose it all.THE ALPHA GIRLS SERIES1. BECOMING ALPHA2. AVOIDING ALPHA3. ALPHA DIVIDED4. BRUJA5. ALPHA UNLEASHED6. SHATTERED PACK -- Releases November 29, 2016!
17269394	INDEPENDENCE	ENOUGH! JANIE HAS A PLAN TO CHANGE HER LIFE...Janie Johnson has received unwanted attention ever since she recognized her three-year-old self in a picture on the back of a milk carton and learned that she was the victim of a kidnapping. Now she's headed for college in New York City, where she can move forward with her life.But not everyone wants to leave the past behind.One by one, the people closest to Janie are contacted by a true-crime writer with his own ideas about who the realvictim of Janie's kidnapping is. Janie's parents, sister, brothers, and friends can agree to be interviewed, in the hopes of bringing the kidnapper to justice, or they can refuse to talk in order to protect Janie's privacy. When Janie finds out what's going on, there's only one person she can imagine confiding in: her ex-boyfriend, Reeve. Can she count on him now, though he's betrayed her in the past?Janie's kidnapper, who has been in hiding all these years, is just as desperate to become a new person. When additional information about Janie begins to appear online, the kidnapper comes up with a terrifying plan.In this thrilling conclusion to the Janie series, which began with The Face on the Milk Carton, Caroline B. Cooney explores the meaning of family, the fragility of trust, and the healing power of unconditional love.
22813461	MASTERY	If you lived in a world that decided your future, who you would love...what would you fight for?Twell lives in the new world of Como, and has always neglected her telekinetic gifts, desiring to be 'normal.' Her biggest drama in life is having to be genetically partnered with a boy she doesn't know or love by her next birthday. Unfortunately she loves her best friend, who loves the girl she hates most, and Twell is left frustrated & heartbroken.When Twell is requested alongside several other teens to develop her skills for the protection of Como, she reluctantly agrees to the training, and finds herself thrown into all sorts of mental and physical challenges.Handsome, charismatic Jonaz, is gifted with the power of healing. According to Twell he's an infuriating prat who delights in provoking her. But first impressions have always been her downfall.When Como is attacked, life as Twell knows it is changed forever, with devastating consequences. With no choice but to fight, Twell risks her life to protect those who have survived, coming up against unexpected dangers she could never anticipate. Will she survive, and if so will she be matched to a stranger when the one she is growing to love is destined to another?
24585195	MASTERY	Madeline Usher has been buried alive. The doomed heroine comes to the fore in this eerie reimagining of Edgar Allan Poe's classic short story "The Fall of the House of Usher." Gothic, moody, and suspenseful from beginning to end, The Fallis literary horror for fans of Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Childrenand Asylum.Madeline awakes in a coffin. And she was put there by her own twin brother. But how did it come to this? In short, non-chronological chapters, Bethany Griffin masterfully spins a haunting and powerful tale of this tragic heroine and the curse on the Usher family. The house itself is alive, and it will never let Madeline escape, driving her to madness just as it has all of her ancestors. But she won't let it have her brother, Roderick. She'll do everything in her power to save him--and try to save herself--even if it means bringing the house down around them.With a sinister, gothic atmosphere and relentless tension to rival Poe himself, Bethany Griffin creates a house of horrors and introduces a whole new point of view on a timeless classic. Kirkus Reviewspraised it in a starred review as "A standout take on the classic haunted-house tale replete with surprises around every shadowy corner."
17285150	MASTERY	This quirky, appealing YA novel turns formulaic teen fiction on its head as funny, feisty fifteen year-old Mary-Magdalene Feigenbaum (otherwise known as Maggie) suddenly faces more than the usual typical YA concerns: a voice in her head that is telling her to kill people. Not just anyone--each time the target is someone who has done something terrible to a person Maggie cares for. You know what you have to do, the voice commands. Maggie struggles to resist, but the voice is relentless.With rising suspense, this story of psychological horror introduces a narrator whose own unique voice and irreverent humor are unforgettable--an unlikely hero fighting a desperate battle against incomprehensible evil.
12577502	MASTERY	Aidan is poised to take his monastic vows--until a girl enters the abbey, one who hums of the number eleven. Aidan has the ability to hear the humming of numbers, a buzzing energy given off by living things. He is captivated and tormented by the mysterious girl, Lana, who has some unusual abilities of her own. How can he become a monk when his mind is filled with impure thoughts? Before he can begin to sort his feelings out, the Vikings raid. Only Aidan and Lana can save the village from certain, violent death--and only if they learn to trust in their mysterious talents. Joni Sensel's richly imagined new novel is a compelling blend of fantasy and adventure.
34657114	BELONGING	"I'm sorry," he said, slowly untying the ribbon that held his mask in place. "It's just-I didn't want you to think of me any differently." Somehow I kept my mouth from falling open. I knew his face, but my mind couldn't accept that he was the person looking down at me. "My real name is Alec."Felicity has her entire future planned. Ever since her older sister ran away, she's had the full weight of her mother's expectations on her shoulders. So she works hard to get straight As and save for college.Except sometimes the best things in life are unplanned-like when Felicity meets a handsome, masked stranger while she is volunteering at a charity masquerade ball. She never thought he'd flirt with her. And she certainly never thought he'd turn out to be a member of the world-famous Heartbreakers band, Alec.Then Felicity uncovers a shocking family secret. Suddenly, she, Alec, and her two best friends are off on a road trip to find Felicity's missing sister. And she's about to discover that unexpected turns have a peculiar way of landing her right where she needs to be...
25930964	MASTERY	In a city divided between opulent luxury in the Light and fierce privations in the Dark, a determined young woman survives by guarding her secrets.Lucie Manette was born in the Dark half of the city, but careful manipulations won her a home in the Light, celebrity status, and a rich, loving boyfriend. Now she just wants to keep her head down, but her boyfriend has a dark secret of his own--one involving an apparent stranger who is destitute and despised. Lucie alone knows the young men's deadly connection, and even as the knowledge leads her to make a grave mistake, she can trust no one with the truth.Blood and secrets alike spill out when revolution erupts. With both halves of the city burning, and mercy nowhere to be found, can Lucie save either boy--or herself?Celebrated author Sarah Rees Brennan weaves a magical tale of romance and revolution, love and loss.
7804279	BELONGING	When Cassie moves from the tiny town where she has always lived to a suburb of Seattle, she is determined to leave her boring, good-girl existence behind. This is Cassie's chance to stop being invisible and become the kind of girl who's worth noticing.Stepping into her new identity turns out to be easier than Cassie could have ever imagined... one moment, one choice, changes everything.Cassie's new existence both thrills and terrifies her. Swept into a world of illicit parties and social landmines, she sheds her virginity, embraces the numbness she feels from the drugs, and floats through it all, knowing that she is now called beautiful. She ignores the dangers of her fast-paced life... but she can't sidestep the secrets and the cruelty.Cassie is trapped in a swift downward spiral tinged with violence and abuse, and no one--not even the one person she thought she could trust--can help her now.
21798565	NONE	The perfect gift for fans of "The Hunger Games" and " Divergent," this boxed set includes all of the paperback editions of James Dashner's" New York Times" bestselling series"--The Maze Runner," "The Scorch Trials," "The Death Cure" and "The Kill Order." "The Maze Runner" motion picture starring Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie Sangster, Will Poulter, and Aml Ameen hits theaters September 19, 2014!"If you ain't scared, you ain't human."When Thomas wakes up in the lift, the only thing he can remember is his name. He's surrounded by strangers--boys whose memories are also gone."Nice to meet ya, shank. Welcome to the Glade."Outside the towering stone walls that surround the Glade is a limitless, ever-changing maze. It's the only way out--and no one's ever made it through alive."Everything is going to change."Then a girl arrives. The first girl ever. And the message she delivers is terrifying.Remember. Survive. Run.Praise for the Maze Runner series:"[A] nail-biting must-read." --Seventeen.com"Wonderful action writing--fast-paced...but smart and well observed." --"Newsday""Breathless, cinematic action." --"Publishers Weekly""Heart-pounding to the very last moment." --"Kirkus Reviews""Exclamation-worthy." --"Romantic Times""Gripping reading." --"Booklist"
19204694	BELONGING	Jeremy Walsh is a high school senior who's got big plans for his future -- namely, to perform at Carnegie Hall. But before he can get there, he needs to secure the solo in his renowned high school choir's Christmas concert and get into college. Everything seems to be on track until a cute new student, Zach Brooks, shows up and ruins all of Jeremy's plans by snatching the solo out from under him. With his college auditions looming and the Christmas concert fast approaching, Jeremy has more on his plate than he can handle. Can the magic of the Christmas season bring Jeremy and Zach together?
28044228	BELONGING	Ramona fell for Sam the moment she met him. It was like she had known him forever. He's one of the few constants in her life, and their friendship is just too important to risk for a kiss. Though she really wants to kiss him...Sam loves Ramona, but he would never expect her to feel the same way-she's too quirky and cool for someone like him. Still, they complement each other perfectly, both as best friends and as a band.Then they meet Tom. Tom makes music too, and he's the band's missing piece. The three quickly become inseparable. Except Ramona's falling in love with Tom. But she hasn't fallen out of love with Sam either. How can she be true to her feelings without breaking up the band?"Educators and librarians looking for fast-moving, interesting plots, in-depth characters, and meaningful themes need to add this one to their shelves."-VOYA praise for If He Had Been with Me"
23525164	MASTERY	The world is set to explode in three months.The source: a lonely girl with an extreme superpower fueled by the negative emotions inside her.The solution: send fourteen year old superhero-in-training Kale Zenith to be her friend and give her a reason to smile.The problem? The girl trusts no one.With the fate of the world in Kale's hands, quitting is not an option. Perseverance is key to knocking down the many walls around her, and soon he gets to know Lindsay as more than just the girl who will destroy the planet.But there's trouble back home. A secret plot is brewing inside his superhero league, and it's up to Kale to expose the traitor. But that takes time away from Lindsay when she needs him most. Can he save her and the world before it's too late?
22892448	BELONGING	Bernice Aurora Wescott has one thing she doesn't want anyone to know: her name. That is, until Bee meets Levi, the local golden boy who runs a charity organization called The Color Project.Levi is not at all shy about attempting to guess Bee's real name; his persistence is one of the many reasons why Bee falls for him. But while Levi is everything she never knew she needed, giving up her name would feel like a stamp on forever. And that terrifies her.When unexpected news of an illness in the family drains Bee's summer of everything bright, she is pushed to the breaking point. Losing herself in The Color Project--a world of weddings, funerals, cancer patients, and hopeful families that the charity funds--is no longer enough. Bee must hold up the weight of her family, but to do that, she needs Levi. She'll have to give up her name and let him in completely or lose the best thing that's ever happened to her.For fans of Stephanie Perkins and Morgan Matson, THE COLOR PROJECT is a story about the three great loves of life--family, friendship, and romance--and the bonds that withstand tragedy.
20191476	BELONGING	In this "gripping tale for lovers of dystopian romance" (Kirkus Reviews), true feelings are forbidden, teen suicide is an epidemic, and the only solution is The Program.Sloane knows better than to cry in front of anyone. With suicide now an international epidemic, one outburst could land her in The Program, the only proven course of treatment. Sloane's parents have already lost one child; Sloane knows they'll do anything to keep her alive. She also knows that everyone who's been through The Program returns as a blank slate. Because their depression is gone--but so are their memories.Under constant surveillance at home and at school, Sloane puts on a brave face and keeps her feelings buried as deep as she can. The only person Sloane can be herself with is James. He's promised to keep them both safe and out of treatment, and Sloane knows their love is strong enough to withstand anything. But despite the promises they made to each other, it's getting harder to hide the truth. They are both growing weaker. Depression is setting in.And The Program is coming for them.
27212432	MASTERY	There's no such thing as safe in a city at war, a city overrun with monsters. In this dark urban fantasy from acclaimed author Victoria Schwab, a young woman and a young man must choose whether to become heroes or villains--and friends or enemies--with the future of their home at stake. The first of two books, This Savage Song is a must-have for fans of Holly Black, Maggie Stiefvater, and Laini Taylor.Kate Harker and August Flynn are the heirs to a divided city--a city where the violence has begun to breed actual monsters. All Kate wants is to be as ruthless as her father, who lets the monsters roam free and makes the humans pay for his protection. All August wants is to be human, as good-hearted as his own father, to play a bigger role in protecting the innocent--but he's one of the monsters. One who can steal a soul with a simple strain of music. When the chance arises to keep an eye on Kate, who's just been kicked out of her sixth boarding school and returned home, August jumps at it. But Kate discovers August's secret, and after a failed assassination attempt the pair must flee for their lives. In This Savage Song, Victoria Schwab creates a gritty, seething metropolis, one worthy of being compared to Gotham and to the four versions of London in her critically acclaimed fantasy for adults, A Darker Shade of Magic. Her heroes will face monsters intent on destroying them from every side--including the monsters within.
22812331	MASTERY	This book is no longer available.Plagued by visions of the future since his childhood, Ash Baker has lived his life in secrecy. When a mysterious fire consumes his home and his parents are kidnapped, Ash and his younger brother Charlie must venture to Aracnotolo, world of the faeries, to rescue them.However, they find themselves in the middle of a budding war between Summer and Winter. Living with Adaline and Leo Tarklovishki in Feraudian Plains, the country of the Summer faeries, Ash and Charlie quickly find that evil forces are at play. Accused of two murders they did not commit, Ash, Leo and their friends and family must run for their lives to find a place they can remain safe. Hunted, certain things come to light about Ash's strange powers that brings the fate of the world down upon his shoulders.
2988519	NONE	Jack's best mate, Charlie, has always been effortlessly cool. When Charlie wakes up one day and finds a mysterious, moving black tattoo on his back, it's a clear sign that he's even cooler than Jack thought. To top it off, Charlie has got super powers also.Or does he?Jack soon learns the terrifying truth: Charlie's incredible powers come from an age-old demon called the Scourge, who is using Charlie to bring about its evil master plan.When the Scourge vanishes with Charlie, Jack and Esme, a girl with super powers of her own, follow their friend from the streets of London into Hell itself, where they face horrors that may well cost them their lives.
24917919	MASTERY	Princess Winter is admired by the Lunar people for her grace and kindness, and despite the scars that mark her face, her beauty is said to be even more breathtaking than that of her stepmother, Queen Levana.Winter despises her stepmother, and knows Levana won't approve of her feelings for her childhood friend--the handsome palace guard, Jacin. But Winter isn't as weak as Levana believes her to be and she's been undermining her stepmother's wishes for years. Together with the cyborg mechanic, Cinder, and her allies, Winter might even have the power to launch a revolution and win a war that's been raging for far too long.Can Cinder, Scarlet, Cress, and Winter defeat Levana and find their happily ever afters? Fans will not want to miss this thrilling conclusion to Marissa Meyer's national bestselling Lunar Chronicles series.
11701133	INDEPENDENCE	It's the year 2028 and an experiment that went wrong seventeen years ago sends the world in lock-down from these genetic mutations. Sixteen-year-old Moira Warner knows only fear and secrecy, but that's understandable given she spent her toddler years in a lab. Why? Because she is one of them. Now she barely gets by with hiding her true self. That doesn't mean that she's averse to breaking a rule or two.But when her curiosity gets the better of her at a new school, she lets loose with popular jock Spencer, and realizes she's been a fool to believe that she could be anything other than what she is; a monster. Before she can confide in anyone for help, her little slip up brings in the authority's and now her secret is out. The horrific memories of her past returns and with it the man that ruined her childhood.With the help from someone she would have never thought and a group of unlikely accomplices, she must come face to face with her past. A past she would rather forget. Moira now becomes obsessed with getting her questions answered, and Liam is the only one who can provide the information she needs. But in her drive to find the truth, will Moira push her new friends to far, forcing her to leave her family, and the identity that she's shaped? This sends her on a journey to find out what she really is and along the way she just might find herself in the process. Maybe even love, if she's not too busy running and trying to blend in.But can you really blend in if your hair, eyes, and other things change when you lose control?Let's hope for Moria's sake she can, because if she can't she'll lose everything, and not just her life.
32874093	MASTERY	Russia - the most dangerous place on earth to be a bodyguard.Teenage bodyguard Connor Reeves faces his deadliest assignment yet. In a country governed by criminals, he must protect Feliks, the only son of Russian billionaire and politician, Viktor Malkov.Viktor wants to change Russia for the good of all its people. But the mafia have different plans and a contract is out for the billionaire's life. With Feliks being the one chink in his father's armour, Connor must join forces with his rival Jason to act as a bulletproof shield against blackmail, assassination and kidnapping.This is the first mission Connor and Jason have worked together. And with a deadly assassin on the loose it could be their last...
8078019	INDEPENDENCE	One girl's harrowing trek from exile and slavery to hope in a new land -- all based on a true story. In the early 1980s, thousands of Ethiopian Jews fled the civil unrest, famine and religious persecution of their native land in the hopes of being reunited in Yerusalem, their spiritual homeland, with its promises of a better life. Wuditu and her family risk their lives to make this journey, which leads them to a refugee camp in Sudan, where they are separated. Terrified, 15-year-old Wuditu makes her way back to Ethiopia alone. "Don't give up, Wuditu! Be strong!" The words of her little sister come to Wuditu in a dream and give her the courage to keep going. Wuditu must find someone to give her food and shelter or she will surely die. Finally Wuditu is offered a solution: working as a servant. However, she quickly realizes that she has become a slave. With nowhere else to go, she stays -- until the villagers discover that she is a falasha, a hated Jew. Only her dream of one day being reunited with her family gives her strength -- until the arrival of a stranger heralds hope and a new life in Israel. With her graceful long neck, Wuditu is affectionately called "the giraffe." And like the giraffe who has no voice, she must suffer in silence. Based on real events, Wuditu's story mirrors the experiences of thousands of Ethiopian Jews.
20360301	NONE	The perfect gift for fans of "The Hunger Games" and " Divergent," this boxed set includes all of the paperback editions of James Dashner's" New York Times" bestselling series"--The Maze Runner," "The Scorch Trials," "The Death Cure" and "The Kill Order." "The Maze Runner" motion picture featuring the star of MTV's "Teen Wolf," Dylan O'Brien; Kaya Scodelario;Aml Ameen; Will Poulter; and Thomas Brodie-Sangster, and hits theaters September 19, 2014! Also look for James Dashner's newest book "The Eye of Minds," book one in the Mortality Doctrine series."If you ain't scared, you ain't human."When Thomas wakes up in the lift, the only thing he can remember is his name. He's surrounded by strangers--boys whose memories are also gone."Nice to meet ya, shank. Welcome to the Glade."Outside the towering stone walls that surround the Glade is a limitless, ever-changing maze. It's the only way out--and no one's ever made it through alive."Everything is going to change."Then a girl arrives. The first girl ever. And the message she delivers is terrifying.Remember. Survive. Run.Praise for the Maze Runner series:"[A] mysterious survival saga that passionate fans describe as a fusion of "Lord of the Flies," "The Hunger Games," and "Lost.""--EW.com"Wonderful action writing--fast-paced...but smart and well observed."--"Newsday""[A] nail-biting must-read."--Seventeen.com"Breathless, cinematic action." --"Publishers Weekly""Heart-pounding to the very last moment." --"Kirkus Reviews""Exclamation-worthy." --"Romantic Times"[STAR] "James Dashner's illuminating prequel ["The Kill Order"] will thrill fans of this Maze Runner [series] and prove just as exciting for readers new to the series."-"Shelf Awareness," Starred
22067696	MASTERY	Book #4 of the Svatura SeriesHeartbroken...Adelaide Jenner feels nothing... she is completely numb inside. Her te'sorthene, her fated love, abandoned her and joined their enemy. On that day her sister turned off all Adelaide's emotions in order to save her from a heartbreak that could push her over the edge of sanity. But great power wielded without compassion or love can only lead to pain.Deceived...Nate Pierce believes Adelaide used her extraordinary powers to deceive him all these years. So he destroyed a relationship he thought to be false and hungers for revenge. Now, Nate serves Maddox, unaware that his new leader is using him as a pawn in a bid to enslave all Svatura.,Unraveling...The only hope of finally defeating Maddox is for Adelaide and her sisters to combine their growing powers against him. But the the key to a Svatura's power is the heart, and Adelaide is still missing hers.
23847976	MASTERY	Celaena Sardothien, heroine of the New York Times bestselling series, rises from the ashes to burn even brighter than before.Celaena has survived deadly contests and shattering heartbreak-but at an unspeakable cost. Now, she must travel to a new land to confront her darkest truth...a truth about her heritage that could change her life-and her future-forever. Meanwhile, brutal and monstrous forces are gathering on the horizon, intent on enslaving her world. Will Celaena find the strength to not only fight her inner demons, but to take on the evil that is about to be unleashed?In this USA Todaybestselling third book in the New York Timesbestselling series, Sarah J. Maas again delivers the epic fantasy, heart-stopping pace, and heady romance that have won her readers the world over. Look for a teaser for the fourth book in the series, Queen of Shadows, out in this same season!
15764032	INDEPENDENCE	"I hate myself but I love Walt Whitman, the kook. Always positive. I need to be more positive, so I wake myself up every morning with a song of myself."Sixteen-year-old James Whitman has been yawping (a la Whitman) at his abusive father ever since he kicked his beloved older sister, Jorie, out of the house. James's painful struggle with anxiety and depression--along with his ongoing quest to understand what led to his self-destructive sister's exile--make for a heart-rending read, but his wild, exuberant Whitmanization of the world and keen sense of humor keep this emotionally charged debut novel buoyant.
25648141	BELONGING	In the magical underworld of Victorian London, Tessa Gray has at last found safety with the Shadowhunters. But that safety proves fleeting when rogue forces in the Clave plot to see her protector, Charlotte, replaced as head of the Institute. If Charlotte loses her position, Tessa will be out on the street--and easy prey for the mysterious Magister, who wants to use Tessa's powers for his own dark ends.With the help of the handsome, self-destructive Will and the fiercely devoted Jem, Tessa discovers that the Magister's war on the Shadowhunters is deeply personal. He blames them for a long-ago tragedy that shattered his life. To unravel the secrets of the past, the trio journeys from mist-shrouded Yorkshire to a manor house that holds untold horrors, from the slums of London to an enchanted ballroom where Tessa discovers that the truth of her parentage is more sinister than she had imagined. When they encounter a clockwork demon bearing a warning for Will, they realize that the Magister himself knows their every move--and that one of their own has betrayed them.Tessa finds her heart drawn more and more to Jem, but her longing for Will, despite his dark moods, continues to unsettle her. But something is changing in Will--the wall he has built around himself is crumbling. Could finding the Magister free Will from his secrets and give Tessa the answers about who she is and what she was born to do?As their dangerous search for the Magister and the truth leads the friends into peril, Tessa learns that when love and lies are mixed, they can corrupt even the purest heart.
566784	MASTERY	Nia and Corwin have each fought their own battles. Now they are Joined together to face their most dangerous enemy yet: Ma'el, the evil Avatar. In order to defeat Ma'el, they must retrieve a magical sword from Atlantis. But after a treacherous journey through the sea, they are shocked to discover that the sword is nowhere to be found.As Nia and Corwin search for the sword, they realize that the good people of Atlantis are now enslaved by Ma'el. Worse still, Ma'el plans the same for Corwin's native land of Wales. Nia and Corwin must find the sword and stop Ma'el -- before it's too late.
19542841	BELONGING	Part Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, part Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe, Adam Silvera's extraordinary debut confronts race, class, and sexuality during one charged near-future summer in the Bronx.The Leteo Institute's revolutionary memory-relief procedure seems too good to be true to Aaron Soto - miracle cure-alls don't tend to pop up in the Bronx projects. But Aaron can't forget how he's grown up poor or how his friends aren't always there for him. Like after his father committed suicide in their one bedroom apartment. Aaron has the support of his patient girlfriend, if not necessarily his distant brother and overworked mother, but it's not enough.Then Thomas shows up. He has a sweet movie-watching setup on his roof, and he doesn't mind Aaron's obsession with a popular fantasy series. There are nicknames, inside jokes. Most importantly, Thomas doesn't mind talking about Aaron's past. But Aaron's newfound happiness isn't welcome on his block. Since he's can't stay away from Thomas or suddenly stop being gay, Aaron must turn to Leteo to straighten himself out, even if it means forgetting who he is.
18778904	BELONGING	First crush, first love, first kiss--in this addition to the sweet and clean Flirt series, Chloe finds that there's more than just horses waiting for her at the ranch this summer.Chloe can hardly believe it when she lands a summer job mucking stalls at one of the best dude ranches in Colorado. The summer only gets better when she meets Stephen. He's funny, friendly, and hardworking--a welcome antidote to Chloe's daily doses of Zach, the cocky, self-satisfied fellow ranch hand.When a trailer full of new colts arrives for training, Chloe is given the job of caring for them. She's looking forward to seeing Stephen all the time, but then Zach is assigned to help with the training and Chloe's plans for moonlight rides and watching sunsets are squashed.But as the summer continues and Chloe starts to see a different side of Zach as he works with the horses, she starts to wonder if maybe she judged him too harshly at first. Could there be something between them after all?
11962848	BELONGING	A story about a wounded girl and the boy who won't give up on her.7th grader Louise should be the captain of her school's gymnastics team - but she isn't. She's fun and cute and should have lots of friends - but she doesn't. And there's a dreamy boy who has a crush on her - but somehow they never connect. Louise has everything going for her - so what is it that's holding her back?Phoebe Stone tells the winning story of the spring when 7th grader Louise Terrace wakes up, finds the courage to confront the painful family secret she's hiding from - and finally get the boy.
1017742	INDEPENDENCE	YOU MEET THE NICEST PEOPLE IN THE LOBBY OF A PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL. The author of Dead Connectionproves that what goes on in our minds just may be the scariest thing of all.Ben Mander's junior year is derailed when his mentally ill mother erupts in the school office. Visiting her in the psych hospital, Ben meets Marco, who also has a mentally ill mother. Marco tells a story that turns Ben's idea of reality upside down. Soon, the story begins to uncomfortably mirror Ben's own life. Lizard Peopleraces along the edge of madness as Ben wrestles with his greatest fear--that deep within him lie the seeds of his own insanity.
23885243	INDEPENDENCE	Last summer ended in disaster for Cora. She scurried home, terrified of the secrets she'd uncovered and afraid to be honest with the one person who most deserved it-Rory. But after a grueling year of trying desperately (and unsuccessfully) not to think about what she left behind, Cora finds a surprise on her doorstep. Rory's little brother, Aidan, has discovered the truth and recruits Cora, along with her best friend Rosie, to go with him to Ireland to explain their selkie heritage to Rory. Desperate to get back the love she couldn't face last summer, Cora agrees to go. But will Rory want to see her after the way she abandoned him? On a magical dash through the west of Ireland, following false leads and learning the all-but-forgotten myths of that wild land, Cora will learn even more about the O'Leary family than she ever imagined. And, maybe, just a little bit about herself. The magic is back in the second Hearts Out of Water novel!
13512789	NONE	L'ambiance de la maison des Glass est a l'orage. En devenant vampire, Michael a perdu la confiance de Shane. De son cote, Claire garde des secrets dangereux : Amelie, le vampire le plus ancien et le plus puissant de Morganville, l'oblige a travailler avec l'un de ses amis, vieux et malade, pour trouver un remede, et Claire n'a pas avoue a Shane, Michael et Eve qu'elle etait desormais sous la Protection d'Amelie. Et quand bien meme, cette Protection est-elle suffisante face a la vague de crime qui ebranle la ville ?
28204936	MASTERY	When Princess Ozma summons Zerie Greenapple and her friends Vashti and Tabitha, they have no idea what awaits. Tasked with infiltrating Glinda the Good's palace, Zerie travels by water, Vashti by land, and Tabitha by air. Zerie transforms into a mermaid and enters the underwater realm of Aquaria, where she is met with impossible obstacles. Not only is Zerie's concept of time put to the test, but soon her memory, values, and sense of self are also strained. Unsure whom she can trust in Oz, will Zerie's magic ultimately be used for good . . . or evil?
16436765	MASTERY	Annabeth is terrified. Just when she's about to be reunited with Percy--after six months of being apart, thanks to Hera--it looks like Camp Jupiter is preparing for war. As Annabeth and her friends Jason, Piper, and Leo fly in on the "Argo II, " she can't blame the Roman demigods for thinking the ship is a Greek weapon. With its steaming bronze dragon figurehead, Leo's fantastical creation doesn't appear friendly. Annabeth hopes that the sight of their praetor Jason on deck will reassure the Romans that the visitors from Camp Half-Blood are coming in peace.And that's only one of her worries. In her pocket, Annabeth carries a gift from her mother that came with an unnerving command: "Follow the Mark of Athena. Avenge me. "Annabeth already feels weighed down by the prophecy that will send seven demigods on a quest to find--and close--the Doors of Death. What more does Athena want from her?Annabeth's biggest fear, though, is that Percy might have changed. What if he's now attached to Roman ways? Does he still need his old friends? As the daughter of the goddess of war and wisdom, Annabeth knows she was born to be a leader--but never again does she want to be without Seaweed Brain by her side.An unabridged recording on 12 CDs (12 hours, 9 minutes).
45432	MASTERY	In the future, in a place called Satelite City, fourteen-year-old Cosmo Hill enters the world, unwanted by his parents. He's sent to the Clarissa Frayne Institute for Parentally Challenged Boys, Freight class. At Clarissa Frayne, the boys are put to work by the state, testing highly dangerous products. At the end of most days, they are covered with burns, bruises, and sores. Cosmo realizes that if he doesn't escape, he will die at this so-called orphanage. When the moment finally comes, Cosmo seizes his chance and breaks out with the help of the Supernaturalists, a motley crew of kids who all have the same special ability as Cosmo-they can see supernatural Parasites, creatures that feed on the life force of humans. The Supernaturalists patrol the city at night, hunting the Parasites in hopes of saving what's left of humanity in Satellite City. Or so they think. The Supernaturalist soon find themselves caught in a web far more complicated than they'd imagined, when they discover a horrifying secret that will force them to question everything they believe in. Eoin Colfer has created an eerie and captivating world-part Blade Runner, part futuristic Dickens-replete with non-stop action
290411	BELONGING	Best friends forever...It's the Sweet Valley Middle School sixth-grade trip to a fabulous amusement park! Both twins, Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield, have been waiting for this day for ages. And now that it's here, they're not even talking to each other!Despite their argument, Elizabeth can't stay angry for long. But when she goes to apologize to Jessica, she is nowhere to be found. As Elizabeth searches for her lost sister, she's caught up in a series of exciting and dangerous adventures as incredible as Alice's trip through Wonderland--adventures that lead the Wakefield twins to discover what real friendship--and sisterhood--is all about.
20907669	BELONGING	Sentenced to be executed. Betrayed. Alone. Hung on the gallows. Rema thought her life was over, but she was wrong. Saved by a rebel force she'd only ever heard rumors about, Rema finds herself in a forbidden place. She is finally safe-free from the king and Prince Lennek. But not everything is as it seems at the rebel fortress. Secrets are whispered, and loyalties are tested. Once Rema uncovers the truth of her heritage, will she flee? Or will she ascend to the throne, taking on the responsibility of an entire kingdom? Now that Darmik knows Rema's true identity, he's on a quest to save her. But when an Emperion assassin arrives on Greenwood Island, Darmik knows he doesn't have very long to find her. In a deadly game with high stakes, will Darmik remain loyal to his family? Or will he break away and join the rebels? Kingdoms rise and fall. Heroes are born and made. But one thing remains the same-love conquers all.
8066098	NONE	This fall, the film festival circuit will be introduced to the indomitable Luli McMullen in Hick, the new film made from the acclaimed novel by Andrea Portes, who also adapted the screenplay. The film--directed by Derick Martini--stars Chloe Grace Moretz, Blake Lively and Eddie Redmayne and features Rory Culkin, Anson Mount, Juliette Lewis and Alec Baldwin in supporting roles.Hick is the story of Luli (Moretz), a bright kid from a hick town who's had enough and strikes out on her own with some "borrowed" cash, a .45 and her wits. On the road, Luli is taken under the wing of a glamorous young grifter named Glenda (Lively), who has experienced worlds barely imaginable to Luli. As the two make their way across the American landscape, they encounter a captivating and dangerous young man named Eddie Kreezer (Redmayne), a disturbing criminal subculture, and some hard truths about what it means to be a young woman on the run, grasping at a future.Hick the movie is produced by Lighthouse Entertainment and Taylor Lane Productions, with Stone River Productions serving as executive producer.Though its first-person narrating voice is fast-paced, powerful and unquestionably authentic, Hick is a debut novel.Beyond this voice, what makes the book so extraordinary is that, although all of the worst things imaginable do befall this 13-year-old girl, she is never defeated by them. Luli always fights back; she always resurfaces.Set as a coming-of-age novel, Hick tracks the real perils that modern teenagers so often face. And it does so with bright wit, energy, and an indomitable spirit.This is a book that will grab the reader from the first page and not let go.And it is written by a woman who is becoming a cultural force in the hippest parts of Los Angeles.
25055692	NONE	Ariana Skyee has been the center of Zane Anders' world for years. They got together as a couple ten months ago, so Zane finally has the girl of his dreams. Life should be peachy.But it isn't.Haunted by a shared secret that threatens to destroy their relationship and claim their sanity, Zane is on a one-man mission to prevent Ari from falling apart.Then Commander Skyee drops the biggest bombshell of all, and everything Zane has taken for granted about the future is shattered overnight.Always and Forever: That's what Zane has promised Ari.Keeping that promise is about to become the hardest thing he will ever do.***Special Note from the author:This Novella is narrated solely from Zane Anders' point of view, and it depicts the events leading up to Ari's move to Planet Novo. This is NOT a follow on from where Beyond Reach, Book 2 in the series, left off. This relays events prior to True Calling, Book 1. In order to ensure consistency and maximise reading enjoyment, I recommend that the stories within this series are read in the following sequence:True Calling - Book 1Lovestruck - Short StoryBeyond Reach - Book 2Light of a Thousand Stars - NovellaDestiny Rising - Book 3.
13560918	MASTERY	Following Arachnaman's bigoted, hateful attacks, life in beleaguered Vintage City finally quiets down, but it doesn't last long. Eric's father begins to show symptoms of extreme fatigue, symptoms that Eric notices in a number of other people he sees elsewhere. Along with the superheroes, he tries to find a common denominator in all this, the surprising result being a new perfume shop that hawks very strong fragrances. A familiar pair of supervillains is suspected, but before the heroes can further investigate the motives behind this threat, people exhibiting symptoms of illness are transformed in the most shocking way, throwing Vintage City in a state of panic.In the meantime, Eric monitors the Unofficial Calais Fan Club, which is now exploding with romantic Mary Sue fanfiction involving Calais as well as curious messages posted by a girl who's apparently wildly in love with the superhero. References to her making "new friends" alert Eric to suspect that she and the current mayhem being inflicted on Vintage City are somehow tied together. The stakes are now raised for Eric, whose father has become a victim to a new crime wave and whose superhero boyfriend might also be under threat. All this, and he's yet to survive school and find a job.GENRE: Contemporary * Fantasy * Gay Fiction * Romance * Young AdultLENGTH: 68,523 words
18044277	INDEPENDENCE	On the outside, there's Violet, an eighteen-year-old dancer days away from the life of her dreams when something threatens to expose the shocking truth of her achievement.On the inside, within the walls of the Aurora Hills juvenile detention center, there's Amber, locked up for so long she can't imagine freedom.Tying their two worlds together is Orianna, who holds the key to unlocking all the girls' darkest mysteries...What really happened on the night Orianna stepped between Violet and her tormentors? What really happened on two strange nights at Aurora Hills? Will Amber and Violet and Orianna ever get the justice they deserve--in this life or in another one?In prose that sings from line to line, Nova Ren Suma tells a supernatural tale of guilt and of innocence, and of what happens when one is mistaken for the other.
641210	STABILITY	Conor Broekhart was born to fly. In fact, legend has it that he was born flying, in a hot air balloon at the Paris World's Fair.In the 1890s Conor and his family live on the sovereign Saltee Islands, off the Irish coast. Conor spends his days studying the science of flight with his tutor and exploring the castle with the king's daughter, Princess Isabella. But the boy's idyllic life changes forever the day he discovers a deadly conspiracy against the king. When Conor tries to intervene, he is branded a traitor and thrown into jail on the prison island of Little Saltee. There, he has to fight for his life, as he and the other prisoners are forced to mine for diamonds in inhumane conditions.There is only one way to escape Little Saltee, and that is to fly. So Conor passes the solitary months by scratching drawings of flying machines on the prison walls. The months turn into years; but eventually the day comes when Conor must find the courage to trust his revolutionary designs and take to the skies.An unabridged production on 9 CDs (11 hours 21 minutes).
18211018	INDEPENDENCE	Even under the most normal circumstances, high school can be a painful and confusing time. Unfortunately, Lilianna's circumstances are anything but normal. Only a few people know what caused her sudden change from model student to the withdrawn pessimist she has become, but her situation isn't about to get any better. When people begin coming down with a quick-spreading illness that doctors are unable to treat, Lil's worst fears are realized. With her parents called away on business before the contagious outbreak-her father in Delaware covering the early stages of the disease and her mother in Hong Kong and unable to get a flight back to New Jersey-Lil's town is hit by what soon becomes a widespread illness and fatal disaster. Now, she's more alone than she's been since the "incident" at her school months ago.With friends and neighbors dying all around her, Lil does everything she can just to survive. But as the disease rages on, so does an unexpected tension as Lil is torn between an old ex and a new romantic interest. Just when it all seems too much, the cause of her original trauma shows up at her door. In this thrilling debut from author Yvonne Ventresca, Lil must find a way to survive not only the outbreak and its real-life consequences, but also her own personal demons.
12835864	NONE	With love, witchcraft, and spellbinding drama, the Secret Circle series is perfect for fans of The Vampire Diaries.This special collection contains the first book in the Secret Circle series, The Initiation, as well as part one of the second book in the series, The Captive; from L.J. Smith, the New York Timesbestselling author of The Vampire Diaries.When Cassie is forced to move from California all the way to the small New England town of New Salem, she's miserable. And yet, she feels a powerful kinship to the town, and to a terrifyingly beautiful group of students who always seem to get their way. Charmed by the Secret Circle, Cassie is initiated into a coven of witches whose power has controlled New Salem for hundreds of years. But when she falls for the mysterious and intriguing Adam, she is faced with the most pressing danger of her life--and one wrong move could ultimately destroy her...
31303378	NONE	The Sailweaver's Son combines traditional fantasy with a dash of steampunk and takes readers to the world of Etherium, where mountains rise like islands above a sea of clouds and adventurers travel the sky in sail-driven airships.When fifteen-year-old Tak rescues the survivor of an airship destroyed by one of the giant flammable gas bubbles mysteriously appearing in the sky of Etherium, the authorities react like a flock of startled grekks.Admiral Scud accuses Tak of sabotage and treason. Tak's father grounds him for reckless airmanship. Rumors spread that the bubbles are weapons devised by the Gublins, a race of loathsome but ingenious underground creatures. The King's advisors call for war, hoping to win much-needed Gublin coal.To prove his innocence, solve the mystery, and prevent a misguided war, Tak must do what anyone knows is suicide - visit the Gublins and find out what they're up to. When the wizard's adopted daughter, an oddly beautiful and irksomely intelligent girl from the Eastern kingdoms, asks Tak to help her do just that, he can't say no.The adventure will take Tak from the deepest underground caves to a desperate battle on Etherium's highest mountaintop. It will force him to face his worst fears, and to grow up faster than he expected.
29422091	NONE	The thrilling new fantasy series--full of deadly magic, double crosses, and a dangerous quest in a new world--from Sara Raasch, bestselling author of the Snow Like Ashes seriesAdeluna is a soldier. Five years ago, she helped the magic-rich island of Grace Loray overthrow its oppressor, Argrid, a country ruled by religion. But adjusting to postwar life has not been easy. When an Argridian delegate vanishes during peace talks with Grace Loray's new Council, Argrid demands brutal justice--but Lu suspects something more dangerous is at work.Devereux is a pirate. As one of the outlaws called stream raiders who run rampant on Grace Loray, he pirates the island's magic plants and sells them on the black market. But after Argrid accuses raiders of the diplomat's abduction, Vex becomes a target. An expert navigator, he agrees to help Lu find the Argridian--but the truth they uncover could be deadlier than any war.Benat is a heretic. The crown prince of Argrid, he harbors a secret obsession with Grace Loray's forbidden magic. When Ben's father, the king, gives him the shocking task of reversing Argrid's fear of magic, Ben has to decide if one prince can change a devout country--or if he's building his own pyre.As conspiracies arise, Lu, Vex, and Ben will have to decide who they really are . . . and what they are willing to become for peace.
22999348	MASTERY	Disguised as a boy, Jin Ling searches for her missing sister, Mei Yee, who was sold into the brothels of the Walled City. It's a cut-throat world of gangs, drug-dealers and warlords and every day is a struggle to survive. Jin Ling relies on her speed and cunning but how long will her luck hold? When a mysterious boy, Dai, requests her help with a dangerous mission Jin Ling's inclined to say no - this is a world where no one can be trusted - but the mission offers her a vital chance to see inside the brothel where her sister may be being held.Jin Ling and Dai join forces, but will either of them survive the mission? Is Mei Yee still alive? And how will any of them ever escape the stifling city walls?With a fantasy setting inspired by Kowloon Walled City, Hong Kong, Ryan's novel has a rich authenticity and an intense atmosphere, and its pace will enthral the reader from the very first page.
19796178	BELONGING	A heartfelt, laugh-out-loud-funny story of romance, family, and self-discovery.Alek Khederian should have guessed something was wrong when his parents took him to a restaurant. Everyone knows that Armenians never eat out. Between bouts of interrogating the waitress and criticizing the menu, Alek's parents announce that he'll be attending summer school in order to bring up his grades. Alek is sure this experience will be the perfect hellish end to his hellish freshman year of high school. He never could've predicted that he'd meet someone like Ethan.Ethan is everything Alek wishes he were: confident, free-spirited, and irreverent. He can't believe a guy this cool wants to be his friend. And before long, it seems like Ethan wants to be more than friends. Alek has never thought about having a boyfriend--he's barely ever had a girlfriend--but maybe it's time to think again.
29618746	MASTERY	Kindra's moral compass has never pointed north, but that's what happens when you're raised as an assassin and a thief. At sixteen, she's fantastic with a blade, an expert at slipping through the world unnoticed, and trapped in a life she didn't chose. But nothing in her training prepares her for what happens when her father misses a target.In the week-long aftermath, Kindra breaks rank for the first time in her life. She steals documents, starts questioning who their client is and why the target needs to die, botches a second hit on her father's target, and is nearly killed. And that's before she's kidnapped by a green-eyed stranger connected to a part of her childhood she'd almost forgotten.Kindra has to decide who to trust and which side of the battle to fight for. She has to do it fast and she has to be right, because the wrong choice will kill her just when she's finally found something worth living for.
327337	INDEPENDENCE	Roberta Ritter hopes to be a journalist one day, but for now she's stuck working at her family's arcade in a dilapidated shopping mall. From her vantage point behind the counter, she sees all the goings-on at the mall--and some things she sees are disturbing. Racism, dirty politics, and drugs are all part of the scene. Roberta doesn't like it, but she's just a fifteen-year-old--so what can she do?Roberta is surprised to find out just how much power she does have. To hone her journalistic skills, she begins to investigate hate crimes at the mall. In the process, she uncovers some shocking information concerning her own mother's death. And as she learns to stand up for herself and the truth, Roberta becomes the kind of person who makes things happen--a crusader.
8051527	BELONGING	Ever since Viola's boyfriend broke up with her, she has spent her days silently wishing--to have someone love her again and, more importantly, to belong again--until one day she inadvertently summons a young genie out of his world and into her own. He will remain until she makes three wishes.Jinn is anxious to return home, but Viola is terrified of wishing, afraid she will not wish for the right thing, the thing that will make her truly happy. As the two spend time together, the lines between master and servant begin to blur, and soon Jinn can't deny that he's falling for Viola. But it's only after Viola makes her first wish that she realizes she's in love with Jinn as well . . . and that if she wishes twice more, he will disappear from her life--and her world--forever.Jackson Pearce spins a magical tale about star-crossed lovers, what it means to belong . . . and how important it is to be careful what you wish for.
16060809	MASTERY	You can't choose your family... living or dead.Trapped between two very different worlds, newly made vampire Moth is struggling to find her place in either. Not only does she have to answer to her strict Irish-Catholic Dad, but her over-protective maker, Theo, is intent on making her the star attraction in his powerful Boston vampire clan. Moth will have to pull off the double-act of the century to please both of them...Adding to her problems is the dangerously attractive Jason Murdoch, a trainee vampire hunter who loves to play cat and mouse in his spare time. But when the teenagers of Boston's wealthiest families start to disappear, it forces Moth and Jace into an uneasy truce. Will they be able to solve the mystery behind the disappearances--before someone winds up undead?
15725224	INDEPENDENCE	In a world that has forgotten the ancient bond between horses and humans, can one girl's dreams make people remember?Sahara travels with her clan in a future, barren environment where recyclables are bartered for sustenance, and few remember horses or their connection to humans. But Sahara has recurring visions of riding astride on magnificent animals that run like the wind.With the help of Evan, a young herder from the Gardener's Camp, Sahara discovers a valuable book and learns her visions are real. But will the hot-headed hunter Dojo kill the horses before she can persuade her clan of their usefulness? Will Sahara give up her quest to save them after she is labeled a foolish dreamer?Following horse tracks up a remote ravine, Sahara discovers a gruesome scene, as well as a helpless baby horse. Now Sahara must use her wits and inborn knowledge to raise the young animal, finally convince her clan of the ancient bond between horses and humans, and discover the secret of her true identity.
24402907	BELONGING	In the year 2054, after decades of gender selection, India now has a ratio of five boys for every girl, making women an incredibly valuable commodity. Tired of marrying off their daughters to the highest bidder and determined to finally make marriage fair, the women who form the country of Koyanagar have instituted a series of tests so that every boy has the chance to win a wife.Sudasa doesn't want to be a wife, and Kiran, a boy forced to compete in the test to become her husband, has other plans as well. Sudasa's family wants nothing more than for their daughter to do the right thing and pick a husband who will keep her comfortable--and caged. Kiran's family wants him to escape by failing the tests. As the tests advance, Sudasa and Kiran thwart each other at every turn until they slowly realize that they just might want the same thing.This beautiful, unique novel is told from alternating points of view--Sudasa's in verse and Kiran's in prose--allowing readers to experience both characters' pain and their brave struggle for hope.
29977282	INDEPENDENCE	First she blamed herself. Now she doesn't know who to trust.When Kit disappeared at a party and was found drowned in the quarry the next day, Clem knew who to point the finger at: herself. She was the last person to see him alive, the last person who could have helped. If she had just kept a closer eye on him instead of her crush, Jake, maybe Kit would still be here. She knows she made a mistake, and wishes she could just forget about it -- but Clem's friend Ellie says she'll expose Clem's secret if she doesn't play along with Ellie's lies.Jake seems to have his own difficult secrets, and when he and Clem start to talk, they make a plan to help themselves move on. But when an unexpected discovery at the quarry makes everyone question what they thoughtthey knew, Clem and Jake decide it's up to them to uncover the truth.
31377945	BELONGING	Being bisexual is cool now-unless you're a boy. Or so it seems to invisible fifteen-year-old Hazard James. But when he falls in with bad apple Jesse Wesley, Hazard is suddenly shoved into the spotlight. Jesse and his friends introduce him to the underworld of teenage life: house parties, hangovers, the advantages of empty homes, and reputation by association. So what if his old friends don't get it? So what if some people love to hate him? Screw gossip and high school's secret rules. There's just something about walking into a room and having all eyes on him when just last year nobody noticed him at all. For a while Hazard basks in the attention, and before he realizes the depth of the waters he's wading, he and Jesse strike up a ""friends with benefits"" routine. It could be something more, but what self-respecting teenage boy would admit it? Not Jesse-and so not Hazard, either. Not until it's too late. Hazard and Jesse have collided, and Hazard's life will never be the same.
18587	BELONGING	In Bette Greene's award-winning debut novel, a young Jewish girl in the postwar South finds herself drawn to a German prisoner of warWhen the Army delivers a batch of Nazi prisoners of war to an internment camp in Jenkinsville, Arkansas, Patty Bergen is as anxious as any of her neighbors to get a glimpse of the monsters. The eldest child in the town's sole Jewish family, Patty is lonely and isolated, spending most of her time in the company of Ruth, her parents' black housekeeper. Then she meets Anton Reiker, an inmate in the camp. Even though he fought against the Allies, Anton seems to understand Patty in a way even her parents never have. When Anton escapes from the camp, Patty risks everything to keep him safe--but following her heart may come at a terrible price. This ebook features an illustrated biography of Bette Greene including rare photos and never-before-seen documents from the author's personal collection.
18484316	BELONGING	Alternate cover edition of: ASIN B00DA72D6OThe first book in a series of five.Getting pregnant two months shy of her sixteenth birthday was never part of Lainey Winslow's plan. Then again, meeting Adam Montgomery on a cool summer night wasn't either.Faced with the hardest decision of her life, Lainey chooses Adam and their baby. But motherhood in high school isn't something that can ever be handled with ease and Adam's promises of forever only do so much to help. With summer long behind them and an uncertain future looming ahead of them, will Lainey and Adam figure out how to make it work?'The Consequences of Forever' is a story about first love, friendship and the meaning of family.
4440396	NONE	Who knows better than Sabrina Bryan of The Cheetah Girls what it's reallylike to be famous? In this addictive new novel, Sabrina teams up with popular author Julia DeVillers to tell the story of an ordinary girl with an extraordinary secret....Life in southern California is not at all like Avery expected. She feels invisible at her new high school, her parents are always working, and her only friends are on MySpace. If only her life was like the celebrities she reads about online....When she's mistaken on MySpace for a rising pop star's assistant, Avery scores an invite to a glamorous Hollywood party and snaps a photo of a young starlet with her secret new beau. Eager to share her juicy scoop, Avery starts a blog, the Princess of Gossip, and the next thing she knows, she's the new gossip girl to watch. Suddenly she's getting the inside scoop on celebrity sightings, and designers are sending her their hottest clothes and accessories in the hopes of scoring a mention on her blog. When Avery shows up at school in her exclusive fashion swag, even Cecilia, the most popular girl in their class, takes notice.Then celebutante playboy Beckett Howard sees Avery wearing one of his father's designs and asks her out. The Princess of Gossip's true identity is still a secret, but when the paparazzi catch Avery and Beckett on a date, Cecilia gets jealous. There's only room for one it girl at school. Can the Princess of Gossip hold onto her crown?
34235105	MASTERY	Eleven years ago, my mother was murdered, and still, her killer lives in plain sight.In Sagebrush Canyon, thirst rules, ignorance is power, and nothing is as it seems. It's been two centuries since the boom of the Industrial Revolution sent the Victorian world into a devastating climatic shift. Now, chivalry is dead and the frills and frivolities of the romantic era are no more than a fading memory.Jo has kept to the safety of her family's farm, desperate to forget the horrific day that took her mother and left Jo battered and broken. But the marshal of Sagebrush is everywhere--he controls everything--and for years Jo has had to stomach the false pleasantries and knowing glint in the eyes of the man who killed her mother.When Jo discovers how deep the marshal's seedy dealings run she decides that fear will no longer keep her silent. But just when Jo plans to expose him for what he really is, the marshal plays a card of his own--his notoriously scandalous son, Clayton. As Jo and Clayton are thrust together, lines become blurred, truths are revealed, and Jo must decide what she is willing to sacrifice in exchange for retribution.Dust and Shadow is a post-apocalyptic love story and Victorian adventure set in a devastated and forgotten world of the American wild west.THE FORGOTTEN LANDS is an alternative history series, exploring the aftermath of the Industrial Revolution that changed nineteenth-century life and created a world fraught with floods, droughts, sandstorms and toxic fog. The Forgotten Lands will traverse deserts, roam plains, cross oceans, and take you on a journey underground to discover life after The Shift.
29930228	NONE	Emma es una joven cuya vida no es nada facil. Cuando tenia seis anos, su madre murio en un accidente de coche y su padre, al que tiene que cuidar los fines de semana, sufrio grandes secuelas fisicas e intelectuales. Entre los estudios y sus responsabilidades familiares, Emma no tiene mucho tiempo para hacer lo propio de su edad. Pero por suerte hay algo que anima sus dias: la literatura. Los libros, su blog y su nuevo canal de Youtube son su refugio, y mientras todas las personas de su entorno tienen vida social, Emma prefiere pasar las horas en la biblioteca.Todo cambia cuando Eric, el chico que acaba de llegar al pueblo, entra en su vida. Eric es guapisimo y arrollador, pero tambien esconde muchos secretos y un pasado oscuro por el que tiene que cumplir condena haciendo trabajo comunitario.?Podra Eric sacar a Emma de la burbuja en la que vive? ?Por que la relacion con Eric es tan complicada y confusa? ?Por que es tan hermetico y enigmatico? ?Que oculta?
18879062	BELONGING	They met at ten, they kissed at twelve, and were madly in love by eighteen.Caleb Deering is the captain of the swim team and the hottest senior in school. He comes from a loving home with a kind father and a caring, but strict, mother who is battling breast cancer. Nico Caro is small and beautiful, and has a father who rules with an iron fist--literally.One morning Caleb forgets himself, and he pecks Nico on the lips at school. A teacher sees them and tattles to the Headmaster. The accidental outing at school might be the least of their problems, because the ball set in motion by the school's calls to their parents could get Nico killed. In the face of that very real danger, Caleb knows he has only one mission in life: to keep Nico safe.COMING OCTOBER 24, 2013 FROM HARMONY INK PRESSwww.CKennedyAuthor.blogspot.com
26198831	INDEPENDENCE	Growing up, Adrien and his sister, Grace, competed viciously for everything. It wasn't easy being the adopted sibling, but Adrien tried to get along; it was Grace who didn't want anything to do with him. When their scientist parents died in a terrible lab fire, there was nothing left to hold them together.After years apart, Adrien and Grace are now forced to reunite for their senior year, at the elite boarding school where their parents were teachers. Being back around everyone he used to know causes Adrien to examine the person he's become, even while being back around Grace turns him into someone he doesn't want to be. But all of those questions are cast aside when Adrien starts to suspect that Grace might be stealing their parents' research and claiming it as her own--or worse, that she had a hand in their deaths. Suddenly, the only questions that matter are whether she's guilty and, if so, what Adrien is going to do about it.
1234972	MASTERY	"Help me find my little girl."Jess Mastriani -- dubbed "Lightning Girl" by the press when, after a huge storm, she develops a psychic ability to find missing children -- has lost her miraculous powers. Or has she? She would like the media and the government to think so. All Jess wants is to be left alone, by everyone except sexy Rob Wilkins -- who still hasn't called, by the way....But it doesn't look like Jess is going to get her wish -- especially not while she's stuck working at a summer camp for musically gifted kids. Then the father of a missing girl shows up to beg Jess to find his daughter. Jess can't say no, but now the feds are on her trail again, as is one ornery stepdad, who'd like to see Lightning Girl...well, dead.
19781614	INDEPENDENCE	"Lips red as rubies, hair dark as night. Drink your true love's blood, become the Vampire, Snow White."EVERY THOUSAND YEARS THE VAMPIRE QUEEN SELECTS A NEW BODY, ALWAYS THE FAIREST IN THE LAND, AND THIS TIME SHE'S CHOSEN SNOW WHITE.BLOOD AND SNOW: Snow White isn't an ordinary girl. She doesn't know that yet.REVENANT IN TRAINING: Snow has become something not quite human. She must discover how to live with the changes, hopefully without killing anyone.THE VAMPIRE CHRISTOPHER: Snow White craves blood. Especially the blood of her Hunter. But will drinking from him save or enslave her?BLOOD SOAKED PROMISES: Snow White must come to terms with her bloodlust. It's one thing to drink the blood of her Hunter, something else entirely to drink the blood of a human.
13541721	STABILITY	The Gods Made Me. They Own Me. They Rule Me.Well, they like to think they do.Almost a year ago I was rejected and banished by Eros the God of Love. Now I've been forced by Eros to live a life of slavery in the mortal world completely forbidden to love anyone but him - unless I want pain, heartbreak and torture to feature heavily in my future.My hatred for Eros is almost as strong as my desire to escape this life of loneliness, which is looking very unlikely. Until I see him, the auraless mortal, who steals my breath and burns my heart. Now I have to find a way to be with him even if that means losing everything I have and starting a war to end all worlds. Lucky for me this guys willing to kill to give me a life.I may be forbidden to love but I'm determined to live.
641991	STABILITY	Can frightful survive alone?Sam Gribley has been told that it is illegal to harbor an endangered bird, so when his beloved falcon, Frightful, comes home, he has to let her go. But Frightful doesn't know how to live alone in the wild. She can't feed herself, mate, brood chicks, or migrate. Frightful struggles to survive and learns to enjoy her new freedom. But she feels a bond with Sam that can never be broken, and more than anything else, she wants to return to him.The sequel to My Side of the Mountainand On the Far Side of the Mountainfrom Newbery Medal-winning author Jean Craighead George."Fans of My Side of the Mountain will be glad to revisit Sam Gribley in this sequel."--The Horn Book"Frightful's Mountainis a novel that will change the way you look at the world."--The New York Times Book Review"Frightful's story is filled with excitement and adventure." --School Library Journal
10822114	INDEPENDENCE	Sasha is desperate to find out who murdered her father. When getting the answer means pledging her soul to Eryx, she unlocks a secret that puts her in grave danger--Sasha is Anabo, a daughter of Eve, and Eryx's biggest threat.A son of Hell, immortal, and bound to Earth forever, Jax looks for redemption in the Mephisto Covenant--God's promise he will find peace in the love of an Anabo. After a thousand years, he's finally found the girl he's been searching for: Sasha.With the threat of Eryx looming, Jax has to keep Sasha safe and win her over. But can he? Will Sasha love him and give up her mortal life?
31450580	INDEPENDENCE	Sixteen-year-old Echo Stone awakens in a cold sweat in a dark room, having no idea where she is or how she got there. But she soon finds out she's in Middle House, an orphanage filled with mysteriously troubled kids.There s just one problem: she s not an orphan. Her parents are very much alive.She explains this to everyone, but no one will listen. After befriending a sympathetic (and handsome) boy, Echo is able to escape Middle House and rush home, only to discover it sealed off by crime scene tape and covered in the evidence of a terrible and violent crime. As Echo grapples with this world-shattering information, she spots her parents driving by and rushes to flag them down. Standing in the middle of the street, waving her arms to get their attention, her parents' car drives right through her.She was right. Her parents are alive but she's not.She's a ghost, just like all the other denizens of Middle House. Desperate to somehow get her life back and reconnect with her still-alive boyfriend, Echo embarks on a quest to solve her own murder. As the list of suspects grows, the quest evolves into a journey of self-discovery in which she learns she wasn't quite the girl she thought she was. In a twist of fate, she s presented with one last chance to reclaim her life and must make a decision which will either haunt her or bless her forever.
22457513	STABILITY	When the past and the present collide...Hailey Kent knows how she wants to spend the summer before her junior year in high school: hanging out at the pool with Jenna, her BFF; riding her new trail bike on Vermont's country roads; and flirting with Jenna's hot older brother, Cody.Hailey's plans are shattered when a post-graduation accident puts her brother into a coma. Feeling guilty for not stopping him from going out that night, she seeks solace in exploring an old house and its overgrown gardens.A mysterious correlation of events propels her back in time to the Vietnam War era, where she realizes she can use her knowledge of one boy's fate to save his life.But first, Hailey needs to convince him of her sanity.
109147	BELONGING	08:06 p.m.Saturday 07.29.06>You are in L-O-V-E. Notice how I have no hesitation spelling it. At all. Reason? That was just the wildest entry you've posted! Ever....You are so seeing the world through the eyes of L-O-V-E. A ten-year best friendship is put to the test when Chuck and Hal spend their first summer apart falling for two questionable mates: a sexy Saudi songstress and a smokin' hot French punk. As Chuck heads off to summer theater camp and Hal stays in their hometown, learning how to drive, they keep in touch via blogging, reporting to each other about their suddenly separate lives and often ridiculous romantic entanglements. As both their relationships take some unexpected turns, Hal and Chuck struggle to come to terms with their growing differences while trying to keep their friendship alive.
11201519	BELONGING	What would you do if you were born to be a predator? Would you fight your natural instincts or give in to your nature?Eden is a soul eater closing in on her awakening. Her family has convinced her that soon she will have to take a life in order to save her own. It's a decision Eden doesn't want to deal with even as her hunger for souls grows stronger every day.To complicate her impossible position, new guy in school Noah Valois' determination to befriend her puts Eden in touch with a humanity she's never known. Addicted to his company, his friendship and affection, she becomes more and more terrified that giving into her hunger will mean losing him forever...... But when she discovers that Noah is not what he seems, his betrayal forces her to face two choices. One will offer her revenge and the destruction of a boy she loved. The other may offer her a life of eternal redemption...
27257518	NONE	When sixteen-year-old Willow goes urban exploring in an abandoned asylum she expects the dark halls, creepy echoes, and ominous atmosphere. But she doesn't expect it to follow her home. After the trip, Willow becomes haunted by nightmares in which she never left Ashwood Asylum. Nightmares where she is pursued by grotesque, mind-infesting horrors called the Mora who feed off the fear of mortals. Unfortunately for squeamish Willow, they are hungry. And she is their perfect meal.Upon waking, Willow recalls only fleeting memories of dead butterflies, hollow eyes and discordant whispers. But slowly these phantasms begin to bleed into her daily life, making Willow question her own sanity. She soon realizes that the solution lies solely within the decrepit walls of Ashwood. As the boundary between dreams and reality disintegrates, Willow must find the courage to defeat the leader of the Mora before he traps her soul in the nightmare forever.[NOTE: Ashwood moved to a new publisher. It will be unavailable for sale during this transition, but is set for re-launch under Fantasy Works Publishing on September 7th, 2016. Please stay tuned for future announcements about the release.]
33413892	MASTERY	Ever the Divided. Ever the Feared. Ever the Brave.After saving King Aodren with her newfound Channeler powers, Britta only wants to live a peaceful life in her childhood home. Unfortunately, saving the King has created a tether between them she cannot sever, no matter how much she'd like to, and now he's insisting on making her a noble lady. And there are those who want to use Britta's power for evil designs. If Britta cannot find a way to harness her new magical ability, her life--as well as her country--may be lost.The stakes are higher than ever in the sequel to Ever the Hunted, as Britta struggles to protect her kingdom and her heart.
18722749	INDEPENDENCE	One choice will define you.What if your whole world was a lie?What if a single revelation--like a single choice--changed everything?What if love and loyalty made you do things you never expected?The faction-based society that Tris Prior once believed in is shattered--fractured by violence and power struggles and scarred by loss and betrayal. So when offered a chance to explore the world past the limits she's known, Tris is ready. Perhaps beyond the fence, she and Tobias will find a simple new life together, free from complicated lies, tangled loyalties, and painful memories.But Tris's new reality is even more alarming than the one she left behind. Old discoveries are quickly rendered meaningless. Explosive new truths change the hearts of those she loves. And once again, Tris must battle to comprehend the complexities of human nature--and of herself--while facing impossible choices about courage, allegiance, sacrifice, and love.Told from a riveting dual perspective, Allegiant, by #1 New York Times best-selling author Veronica Roth, brings the Divergent series to a powerful conclusion while revealing the secrets of the dystopian world that has captivated millions of readers in Divergent and Insurgent.
17333784	BELONGING	Kai and Ginny grew up together--best friends since they could toddle around their building's rooftop rose garden. Now they're seventeen, and their relationship has developed into something sweeter, complete with stolen kisses and plans to someday run away together.But one night, Kai disappears with a mysterious stranger named Mora--a beautiful girl with a dark past and a heart of ice. Refusing to be cast aside, Ginny goes after them and is thrust into a world she never imagined, one filled with monsters and thieves and the idea that love is not enough.If Ginny and Kai survive the journey, will she still be the girl he loved--and moreover, will she still be the girl who loved him?Jackson Pearce, author of the acclaimed Sisters Redand Fathomless, has returned with a unique vision of Hans Christian Andersen's "The Snow Queen," one about power and redemption, failure and hope, and the true meaning of strength.
15842434	BELONGING	Get seduced by a sizzling account of attraction and betrayal in this previously self-published phenomenon.There was something wicked about Beau that drew me to him. What was wrong with me? Why did I want to sin so badly?Ashton is getting tired of being good, of impressing her parents and playing ideal girlfriend to Sawyer Vincent. Sawyer is perfect, a regular Prince Charming, but when he leaves town for the summer, it's his cousin Beau who catches Ashton's eye. Beau is the sexiest guy she's ever seen, and even though he's dangerous, Ashton is drawn to him.Beau loves his cousin like a brother, so the last thing he wants to do is make a move on Sawyer's girl. Ashton is off-limits, absolutely. That's why he does his best to keep his distance, even though he's been in love with her forever. When Ashton wants to rekindle their childhood friendship in Sawyer's absence, Beau knows he should say no.Ashton and Beau don't want to hurt Sawyer. But the more they try to stay away from each other, the more intense their urges become. It's getting way too hard to resist...
35804615	MASTERY	Some people call him an outlaw, and others call him a cowboy, but Seph doesn't really care which they use?he only wants to be left alone.Meanwhile, Avery, lost without her brother, Finn, must figure out how to survive in the Wild if she's going to rescue him and could use all the help she can get.One morning, Seph is taken prisoner?chained to the ground and stared down by the most organized gang he's ever crossed. He knows it won't be easy to escape this time, but he does just that?and runs straight into Avery.Set in a world where the sky is always gray and its people are constantly searching for the sun, Ride Onfollows two teens who cross paths when the odds are against them.The farther they ride to catch up to the Lawmen, the gang controlling most of Texas and those responsible for taking Avery's brother, the more dangerous it gets. Seph rides to help Avery, but his past quickly catches up to him and things manage to take a turn for the worse.After years of burying the ghost of revenge, Seph now has no choice but to face it. The only thing that matters in the Wild is how quick your draw is, and Seph can only hope his is fast enough?for his sake and Avery?s.,
12989809	INDEPENDENCE	Danny can feel something sinister about his new home, Blackbriar, an old, abandoned cottage in the English countryside. The residents of a nearby town refuse to speak of the house and can barely look Danny in the eyes. Then Danny begins to have strange dreams of fire and witches, and awakes to shrieks of laughter that seem to come from another time and place. With help from his friend, Lark, Danny begins to unravel the mysteries of Blackbriar and its frightening past, through the discovery of an ancient doll and a chilling list of names and dates carved on the cellar door. But what might be most terrifying of all is the mystery that does not lie in the past but in the here and now...
29387571	NONE	Now that Nikki has rescued Jack, all she wants is to be with him and graduate high school. But Cole tricked Nikki into feeding off him, and she's begun the process of turning into an Everliving herself... which means she must feed on a Forfeit soon -- or die.Terrified for her survival, Nikki and Jack begin a desperate attempt to reverse the process using any means possible. Even Cole, who they expected to fight them at every turn, has become an unlikely ally -- but how long can it last? Nikki needs to feed on Cole to survive, Cole needs Nikki to gain the throne in the Everneath, Jack needs Nikki because she is everything to him -- and together, they must travel back to the Underworld to undo Nikki's fate and make her mortal once more. But Cole isn't the only one with plans for Nikki: the Queen has not forgotten Nikki's treachery, and she wants her destroyed for good. Will Nikki be forced to spend eternity in the Underworld, or does she have what it takes to bring down the Everneath once and for all?In this stunning conclusion to the Everneath trilogy, Brodi Ashton evokes the resiliency of the human spirit and the indomitable power of true love.
17416947	BELONGING	A coming-of-age tale of fanfiction, family, and first love.Cath is a Simon Snow fan. Okay, the whole world is a Simon Snow fan.... But for Cath, being a fan is her life--and she's really good at it. She and her twin, Wren, ensconced themselves in the Simon Snow series when they were just kids; it's what got them through their mother leaving.Reading. Rereading. Hanging out in Simon Snow forums, writing Simon Snow fanfiction, dressing up like the characters for every movie premiere. Cath's sister has mostly grown away from fandom, but Cath can't let go. She doesn't want to.Now that they're going to college, Wren has told Cath she doesn't want to be roommates. Cath is on her own, completely outside of her comfort zone. She's got a surly roommate with a charming, always-around boyfriend; a fiction-writing professor who thinks fanfiction is the end of the civilized world; a handsome classmate who only wants to talk about words... and she can't stop worrying about her dad, who's loving and fragile and has never really been alone.For Cath, the question is: Can she do this? Can she make it without Wren holding her hand? Is she ready to start living her own life? And does she even want to move on if it means leaving Simon Snow behind?An unabridged recording on 10 CDs (12 hours, 49 minutes).
7137511	BELONGING	Funny and touching--this is a heartfelt breakup story.Zoe loves Henry.Henry dumps Zoe.Zoe wants Henry back--at any cost.Zoe's two best friends come up with a plan to help Zoe get what she thinks she wants. The plan: make Henry jealous.But the plan takes a surprising turn. . . .Spanning thirty-one days in the cycle of a breakup, Kerry Cohen Hoffmann's humorous and poignant novel depicts a girl whose single-minded focus on her ex-boyfriend has pulled her far from the person she most needs to win back--herself.From the Hardcover edition.
22537667	MASTERY	Romance and action come crashing together when a teenage boy with incredible powers is brought to the attention of the government.Jake Lukin just turned 18. He's decent at tennis and Halo, and waiting to hear on his app to Stanford. But he's also being followed by a creep with a gun, and there's a DARPA agent waiting in his bedroom. His secret is blown.When Jake holds a personal object, like a pet rock or a ring, he has the ability to "tunnel" into the owner. He can sense where they are, like a human GPS, and can see, hear, and feel what they do. It's an ability the government would do anything to possess: a perfect surveillance unit who could locate fugitives, spies, or terrorists with a single touch.Jake promised his dad he'd never tell anyone about his ability. But his dad died two years ago, and Jake slipped. If he doesn't agree to help the government, his mother and sister may be in danger. Suddenly he's juggling high school, tennis tryouts, flirting with Rachel Watkins, and work as a government asset, complete with 24-hour bodyguards.Forced to lie to his friends and family, and then to choose whether to give up everything for their safety, Jake hopes the good he's doing--finding kidnap victims and hostages, and tracking down terrorists--is worth it. But he starts to suspect the good guys may not be so good after all. With Rachel's help, Jake has to try to escape both good guys and bad guys and find a way to live his own life instead of tunneling through others.
27246877	BELONGING	America's most famous pop star flees the spotlight to recover from her latest break-up in Maine--only to fall for a local boy and be faced with an impossible choice at the end of the summer: her new guy, or her music.Multiplatinum pop icon Lily Ross's biggest hits and biggest heartbreaks (because they are one and the same):1. AGONY. (That feeling when her ex ripped her heart out of her chest and she never saw it coming.)2. GHOSTS. (Because even famous people are ghosted by guys sometimes. And it sucks just as much.)3. ONCE BITTEN. (As in: twice shy. Also, she's never dating an actor or a musician ever again.)But this summer's going to be different. After getting her heart shattered, Lily is taking herself out of the spotlight and heading to a small island in middle-of-nowhere Maine with her closest friends. She has three months until her fall tour starts-three months to focus on herself, her music, her new album. Anything but guys.That is . . . until Lily meets sweet, down-to-earth local Noel Bradley, who is so different from anyone she's ever dated. Suddenly, Lily's "summer of me" takes an unexpected turn, and she finds herself falling deeper and harder than ever before. But Noel isn't interested in the limelight. She loves Noel-but she loves her fans, too. And come August, she may be forced to choose.
25380845	INDEPENDENCE	Three years ago, Alice's identical twin sister took a gun to school and killed seven innocent kids; now Alice wears the same face as a monster. She's struggling with her identity, and with life in the small Australian town where everyone was touched by the tragedy. Just as Alice thinks things can't get much worse, she encounters her sister on a deserted highway. But all is not what it seems, and Alice soon discovers that she has stepped into a different reality, a dream world, where she's trapped with the nightmares of everyone in the community. Here Alice is forced to confront the true impact of everything that happened the day her twin sister took a gun to school ... and to reveal her own secret to the boy who hates her most.
13604286	BELONGING	Wendy Everly can barely remember what it was like to feel like a normal girl. She'd wished for her life to be different but everything is so much more complicated than she'd expected. And she certainly hadn't dreamt she'd be getting married at eighteen to man she didn't love - all for the sake of duty.As the big day approaches, Wendy can't stop thinking about two different men - and neither of them are her husband-to-be. Finn, quiet, strong and determined to do what's right and Loki, dark and seductive - a sworn enemy who once saved her life...With an all-out war just days away, Wendy needs to act quickly if she is to save her friends and family. But while her loyalties and duties are to her people - deeper passions are leading her elsewhere. And as her worlds collide Wendy must sacrifice everything she loves to save them. But will it be enough?
15852344	STABILITY	For the last three years, eighteen-year-old Ashlyn Li has been running from her destiny. A free-spirited ninja, Ashlyn would rather loot an abandoned city or challenge a fiend to battle than assume leadership of Toryn, her father's kingdom. However, when a series of attacks reunite Ashlyn with the friends who helped her save the sun three years ago, she discovers that her kingdom is at war and her father has presumed her dead.Suddenly Ashlyn is faced with not only fulfilling her birthright, but also making sense of her feelings towards two very different men- Drake Lockhart, the enigmatic vampire who captured her heart three years ago, and Vargo, the charismatic assassin who was once Ashlyn's sworn enemy.Will Ashlyn ascend the pagoda and become Lady of Toryn?Don't miss the exciting first installment in the Lady of Toryn trilogy, which also includes Regret (book 2), and Redemption (book 3), both available on Amazon Kindle now.
15749186	BELONGING	What if all the crushes you ever had found out how you felt about them... all at once?Sixteen-year-old Lara Jean Song keeps her love letters in a hatbox her mother gave her. They aren't love letters that anyone else wrote for her; these are ones she's written. One for every boy she's ever loved--five in all. When she writes, she pours out her heart and soul and says all the things she would never say in real life, because her letters are for her eyes only. Until the day her secret letters are mailed, and suddenly, Lara Jean's love life goes from imaginary to out of control.
7761616	BELONGING	Eron DeMarchelle isn't supposed to feel this connection. He is a Sandman, a supernatural being whose purpose is to seduce his human charges to sleep. Though he can communicate with his charges in their dreams, he isn't encouraged to do so. After all, becoming too involved in one human's life could prevent him from helping others get their needed rest.But he can't deny that he feels something for Julia, a lonely girl with fiery red hair and sad dreams. Just weeks ago, her boyfriend died in a car accident, and Eron can tell that she feels more alone than ever. Eron was human once too, many years ago, and he remembers how it felt to lose the one he loved. In the past, Eron has broken rules to protect Julia, but now, when she seems to need him more than ever, he can't reach her. Eron's time as a Sandman is coming to a close, and his replacement doesn't seem to care about his charges. Worse, Julia is facing dangers she doesn't recognize, and Eron, as he transitions back to being human, may be the only one who can save her. . . .Even once they've become human again, Sandmen are forbidden to communicate with their charges. But Eron knows he won't be able to forget Julia. Will he risk everything for a chance to be with the girl he loves?Cyn Balog's follow-up to Fairy Talehas more wit, more supernatural delights, and more star-crossed romance! Teen girls will love this story of a Sandman who falls in love with his human charge.From the Hardcover edition.
10443348	STABILITY	A teenage paparazzo makes a dangerous discovery in this timely look at celebrity "that is likely to be snapped up and make a lasting impression" (School Library Journal).All Jamie Gordon wants to do is to take pictures of celebrities...and maybe to become famous herself. She's only fourteen, but already her work is sought after by fanzines and websites, and she's invited to all the best parties. And now she has the chance of a lifetime: She has been invited to spend a week with Willow Twine, taking pictures of the teen superstar's new chaste life. But when Jamie gets her hands on some sensational shots of Willow, she's suddenly in over her head. The pictures could make her career--and destroy Willow's. It seems like everyone's eager to get their hands on the photos, and Jamie has to decide what she really wants...and what she's willing to pay to get it.
21948450	INDEPENDENCE	Welcome to the cruel world of Trevor McNulty. No matter how hard he tries, this seventeen year-old just can't get a break. Through no fault of his own, he finds himself living with his alcoholic uncle on the outskirts of Cleveland. His days are filled with garbage-picking and hanging out with his seventy year-old neighbor, who also happens to be his best friend.One early morning while scanning the streets in a posh suburb, he meets Bea, a rebellious rich girl with problems of her own. She's smart, cute, and a glimmer of light in his dark world.But in the midst of their budding romance, Bea's beautiful mother enters the picture with an agenda of her own. She sets off a chain of events so shocking and destructive, Trevor's crazy life soon becomes more than he can handle. While he is desperate to save his relationship with Bea, he learns that nothing in his world can be saved unless he first saves himself.Hope for Garbage is a story about resilience--about overcoming adversity under the most extraordinary circumstances--about never, ever, giving up hope.Because sooner or later, everybody gets a break.
25910600	INDEPENDENCE	A teenage girl will soon discover, there are some things which burn even brighter than fire.Iris's father Ernest is at the end of his life.Her best friend Thurston seems like a distant memory to her.Her mother has declared war. She means to get her hands on Ernest's priceless art collection so that she can afford to live the high life.But Ernest has other ideas.There are things he wants Iris to know. Things he can tell her and things that must wait till he's gone.What she does after that is up to her.
22419386	BELONGING	Cassidy Jordan won't open her heart to anyone, and with good reason. She's a second-timer, returned from the afterlife after a devastating romance caused her death. All that stands between her and eternity is finding Riley Davis and helping him get his life on track. But nobody told her helping Riley would mean dating him.When Cassidy realizes she's falling for Riley, she's faced with a choice: give him the life he's meant for and leave this life when it's time, or give up eternity for the true love she's never had, knowing Riley will die the same way she did in her first life and that her entire existence could end at any time.Love can be unstoppable, but will it be enough for Cassidy and Riley? Readers who enjoyed books like If I Stayby Gayle Forman may find their perfect summer read in Seven Weeks to Forever."Candid first-person narration helps draw readers into Cassidy's mind, inviting them along on her journey of discovery--both of herself and of what it means to be in love. Lovely imagery..." -Publishers Weekly"Farwell writes with verve...Appealing characters and a warm, sparkly love story tinged with wish fulfillment." -Kirkus Reviews
23251754	MASTERY	Who are the enemies of the New Order?Jefferson and Donna were sure the arrival of the military meant an end to this nightmare--a hellish two years full of enemy gangs, gunfire, and lost loved ones. But the cruel plans the government has for the remaining teens are beyond anything they could've imagined.All Jefferson and Donna want is to have a future with each other, but fate has different plans, and they soon find themselves pulled apart. Jefferson returns to New York City with a cure for the Sickness, and a hope to unite all the tribes. And Donna finds herself in England, facing an unimaginable world.With the help of new and familiar faces, their survival and the hope for a new world hang in a delicate balance. In this sequel to The Young World, can the two reunite and prevent an even greater disaster than the Sickness?
11929445	INDEPENDENCE	Seventeen-year-old Dylan Kennedy always knew something was different about him, but until his mother abandoned him in the middle of Oregon with grandparents he's never met, he had no idea what.When Dylan sees a girl in white in the woods behind his grandparents' farm, he knows he's seen her before...in his dreams. He's felt her fear. Heard her insistence that only he can save her world from an evil lord who uses magic and fear to feed his greed for power.Unable to shake the unearthly pull to Kera, Dylan takes her hand. Either he's completely insane or he's about to have the adventure of his life, because where they're going is full of creatures he's only read about in horror stories. Worse, the human blood in his veins has Dylan marked for death...
18308885	BELONGING	At the start of this breathtaking novel, Ever's beloved Damen has been poisoned. If she gets too close to him, it will activate the poison and bring about a swift and painful death. To break the curse, Ever travels to Summerland and immerses herself in magick - and receives help from a new friend. Although she and Jude have only just met, Ever is mysteriously drawn to him, for he feels startlingly familiar.As Damen pulls farther away, claiming it's the only way to keep them safe until they find a cure, her connection with Jude grows. And before long she discovers the reason for her feelings: she and Jude shared a complicated past in a previous life. She always thought Damen was her soulmate and her one true love...but now their love is about to be tested like never before.(c)2009 Alyson Noel; (P)2009 Macmillan Audio
2353366	BELONGING	WHAT WOULD YOU DO if your best friend got pregnant?Fourteen-year-old Jaime is used to her best friend, Melissa, being the center of attention. Melissa wants to be a model--she's beautiful, popular, and talented. There's just one small problem--Melissa thinks she's pregnant, and she wants Jaime's help. But there's not much Jaime can do. Melissa refuses to tell her parents; Jaime refuses to be the same old reliable doormat. She's got a lead in the school play and a new friendship with Zach. Jaime is changing, too. And she's sick of being stepped on!Fifteen-year-old Kelly McWilliams's debut novel is an inspiring story about friendship, choices, and learning how to shine.From the Hardcover edition.
16100334	STABILITY	Julia Jones is an eighteen-year-old science prodigy with a big secret. After landing a prestigious internship with brilliant but eccentric Dr. Caleb Bertel, she is finally ready to move on from her mother's death. But after Julia revives Dr. Bertel from a near-fatal electrocution, strange things start to happen.Without warning, Dr. Bertel disappears. Then Julia receives threatening notes on her car, and someone has her followed. The young police officer assigned to the case, Austin Moore, believes the events are connected and asks her to help him solve the mystery of Bertel's disappearance. instantly attracted to him, Julia agrees. Still, she knows that she has seen Austin somewhere before, if only she could put her finger on it.Will Julia uncover the mystery of Bertel's disappearance before it's too late, and does she dare trust Austin with her heart?
32930224	NONE	Welcome to Caraval, where nothing is quite what it seems.Scarlett and Tella have never left the tiny isle of Trisda, pining from afar for the wonder of Caraval, a once-a-year week-long performance where the audience participates in the show.Caraval is Magic. Mystery. Adventure.When the sisters' long-awaited invitations finally arrive, it seems their dreams have come true. But no sooner have they arrived than Tella vanishes, kidnapped by the show's mastermind organiser, Legend.Scarlett has been told that everything that happens during Caraval is an elaborate performance. But she quickly becomes entangled in a dangerous game of love, magic and heartbreak.And real or not, she must find Tella before the game is over, and her sister disappears forever.
29618617	MASTERY	On the ice, Caleb Dawson is unstoppable. With prodigious talents, Caleb is easily one of the best teenage hockey players in America. There is no doubt that Caleb will become the next greatest star on ice. The only problem is: he knows it. And he demands to be treated like a star. Cocky, arrogant and self-centered, Caleb is on a straight path to destroying his own career.Jennifer Beckett is academically gifted, as her longstanding position on the honors list indicate. While she may seem flawless inside the classroom, Jennifer is a totally different person outside of class. Broken, fearful, dependent. To hide her insecurities, Jennifer stays away from any sign of trouble. But Caleb is a different kind of trouble, one that draws her into his world. Can this relationship save the two of them from their own destruction?
28946328	BELONGING	When Amelia Collins moves to a new town to escape her dark past, she just wants to keep her head down and finish her senior year.Her plans change drastically when she runs-- literally-- into the school's hottest badass and number one person on the 'don't mess with' list, Aiden Parker.Amelia needs to find a way to survive senior year while she tries not to fall for the annoyingly handsome Aiden, or his mischievous, cocky player of a best friend, Mason.With new friends, fun pranks, bitchy queen bees, old rivalries, and a haunting past, Amelia's senior year is destined to be filled with some drama.
12074377	BELONGING	Sixteen-year-old Trinity Monsour wants nothing more than to live a normal life. But that isn't as easy as it seems. Trinity is different. She is special. She sees visions, and for those she's seen, it's already too late.Trinity arrives on her aunt's doorstep in New Orleans with virtually no knowledge of her mysterious heritage. She begins settling into life at a new school and even starts making friends. But all too quickly her dreams accelerate; twisted, terrifying visions of a girl locked in a dark room. And when the head cheerleader, Jessica, goes missing, Trinity knows she has no choice but to step forward with what she's seen.But people believe that Trinity has information about Jessica's disappearance not because of a dream, but because she is involved. She iskind-of dating Jessica's ex-boyfriend, Chase, and Jessica didpull a nasty prank on Trinity. Revenge seems like the likeliest scenario.Nothing prepares Trinity for the dark odyssey that ensues while searching for Jessica, including the surprising romance she finds with Chase, or the shocking truths she learns, not just about the girl who has gone missing, but the past that has been hidden from her.
97783	NONE	The Gallagher Academy for Exceptional Young Women is a fairly typical all-girls school, that is, if every school taught advanced martial arts in PE, the latest in chemical warfare in science; and students received extra credit for breaking CIA codes computer class. So in truth, Gallagher Academy might claim to be a school for geniuses, but its really a school for spies. Cammie Morgan is a second generation Gallagher Girl, and by her sophomore year she's already fluent in fourteen languages and capable of killing a man in seven different ways (three of which involve a piece of uncooked spaghetti.) But the one thing the Gallagher Academy hasn't prepared her for is what to do when she falls for an ordinary boy who thinks she's an ordinary girl. Sure, she can tap his phone, hack into his computer, and track him through a mall without his ever being the wiser, but can she have a regular relationship with a regular boy who can never know the truth about her? Cammie may be an elite spy in training, but in her sophomore year, shes beginning her most dangerous mission; she's falling in love.
15769928	MASTERY	The punishment for a seventh-grade dropout runaway is probably pretty harsh, but Ash Barker doesn't care. She can't waste time or emotions on anyone but her brother, Matt. They were placed in separate foster homes, so Ash runs away to find him. If she fails, she's headed back to juvenile detention.Everything is going right on schedule until two kids, Dayna and Kevin, barge into her hideout -- which just happens to be in their house. She ditches the pair fast, but can't stop thinking about those bruised, skinny kids.Dayna and Kevin live with abusive parents who force them to stay in their room most of the time. If they go to the authorities for help, they'll be split up, too. Ash knows how that feels, and she goes back to help, taking the two with her. With any luck, they'll all help each other along the way.Meanwhile, as Matt waits for Ash, he can't resist telling his foster brother and best friend, Jon-Allen, about the plans. They stash food, earn money, and keep watch for the night Ash appears at their bedroom window.Ash is so happy to be reunited with Matt and to discover she's falling in love with Dayna that, at first, she doesn't worry about what they'll do next. But life on the road begins to take its toll -- they have to resort to shoplifting and scavenging to survive. Ash feels a growing sense of guilt at the disaster she's made of everyone's lives. Can she somehow keep her newfound "family" together despite hunger and sickness? Or will she be able to find the strength to reach out for help?
15820010	BELONGING	In Hollywood, fame can be found on every corner and behind any door. You just have to know where to look for it. Nineteen-year-old Madison Parker made a name for herself as best frenemy of nice-girl-next-door Jane Roberts on the hot reality show L.A. Candy. Now Madison's ready for her turn in the spotlight and she'll stop at nothing to get it. Sure, she's the star of a new show, but with backstabbing friends and suspicious family members trying to bring her down, Madison has her work cut out for her. Plus, there's a new nice girl in "reality" town--aspiring actress Carmen Price, the daughter of Hollywood royalty--and she's a lot more experienced at playing the fame game... When the camera's start rolling, whose star will shine brighter?Filled with characters both familiar and new, Lauren Conrad's series about the highs and lows of being famous delivers Hollywood gossip and drama at every turn.
17705731	STABILITY	There are some things you just can't walk away from.When sleeping in vacant warehouses and dark alleys becomes preferable to living at home, something is seriously wrong. But when word reaches Allie that her mother is facing a life threatening illness, she has no choice but to return to the place of nightmares. Leaving wasn't a choice, it was a necessity, and if returning hadn't been equally necessary, Allie never would have set foot back inside that hell-hole.Dean is no stranger to hardship, but the day Allie walked out of his life, taking his heart right along with her, was hands-down the most frustrating. Six months later, she's back and Dean refuses to rest until he figures out exactly what the hell happened.Now, Allie's drowning. Drowning in lies. Drowning in the truth. Drowning in pain, and anger, and fear. But there comes a time when every drowning person must decide whether they will . . . Sink or Swim?**Please be aware that this book contains physical violence and adult language that may not be suitable for all readers.
8777495	BELONGING	Max, the talking buffalope, has an enquiring mind, a keen sense of humour, and a grumpy disposition. Orphaned by the villainous Neruvians, sold off as a slave to the callous Berundians, he escapes into the wilderness, is attacked by vicious lupers, and rescued in the nick of time by the jester, Alexander Darke.Alexander is young and fairly unsuccessful. Done out in a costume of many colours, he totes his caravan around, entertaining people with (mostly bad) jokes. Max settles in with Alexander and his elvish wife, Sarah. He makes himself indispensable and the partnership prospers. Word gets around, and a Royal Command Performance is arranged. They are top of the bill. But everything that can go wrong goes wrong.... hilarously. The hitherto lugubrious King Cletus is enchanted. Stars overnight, they see off their arch-rival, the bad comic Jonathan Jolly.Sarah finds that she is expecting a happy event. Fetch the midwife! A nightmare journey back. Max to the rescue again! Sebastian Darke is born.
25305201	BELONGING	Sixteen-year-old and not-so-openly gay Simon Spier prefers to save his drama for the school musical. But when an email falls into the wrong hands, his secret is at risk of being thrust into the spotlight. Now Simon is actually being blackmailed: if he doesn't play wingman for class clown Martin, his sexual identity will become everyone's business. Worse, the privacy of Blue, the pen name of the boy he's been emailing, will be compromised.With some messy dynamics emerging in his once tight-knit group of friends, and his email correspondence with Blue growing more flirtatious every day, Simon's junior year has suddenly gotten all kinds of complicated. Now, change-averse Simon has to find a way to step out of his comfort zone before he's pushed out--without alienating his friends, compromising himself, or fumbling a shot at happiness with the most confusing, adorable guy he's never met.
13091429	NONE	For WICKED blev dannet. For Labyrinten blev bygget. 13 ar for Thomas blev sendt ind i Lysningen.Soludbruddet har ramt Jorden. En ukendt sygdom haerger og truer med at tvinge hele menneskeheden i knae. Mark og Trina er overbeviste om, at det kan lade sig gore at redde de endnu raske fra sindssygdom og dod. Hvis de da ellers selv kan holde sig i live sa laenge. For i denne nye, odelagte verden har hvert liv en pris. Og for nogle er du mere vaerd dod end levende...Udbruddet er en forhistorie til Maze Runner-trilogien, men laeses bedst efter de oprindelige bind i serien.
33794475	BELONGING	High school senior Jim Wallace faces the approaching Christmas holidays with a mixture of hope and dread. To escape the pressure, he imagines the woods and marshes around his home to be an independent country, Wallaconia, where he is accepted and recognized as the "upright and sterling" young man people expect him to be. And he may make it yet: this could be the week he and his girlfriend Liz finally have sex, putting to rest any lingering doubts Jim has about what kind of guy he really is. But then Pat Baxter, a neighbor, asks him to help out in his bookstore during the holiday rush, and Jim starts making new connections - and rediscovering an old one. Will Jim leave the sanctuary of his imaginary Wallaconia for the real world? And which real world will it be, the one with Liz or the one that beckons from the bookstore?
293722	MASTERY	Jujube is thrilled when Brent asks her out. She is not so happy when the rumors start flying at school. Pretty soon her name is showing up on bathroom walls and everyone is snickering and sniping. When her mother gets involved, Jujube's reputation takes another hit. Deciding that someone has to take a stand, Jujube gathers all the other girls who are labelled sluts--and worse--and tries to impress on her fellow students the damage that can be done by assigning a label that reduces a person to an object.
22740241	BELONGING	0990364615 (ISBN13: 9780990364610) This is an alternate cover edition.Will Moore has been Missy Jamison's best friend for years, and until recently, she hadn't considered going "there" with him for fear of losing the only relationship she trusts. But senior year is almost over and dating other people hasn't worked out, not with Missy's crazy home life constantly pushing her further into Will's safer world, making her attraction to her BFF more difficult to ignore.When a forgery incident at school lands Missy under house arrest and banned from spending time with Will, she's unable to ignore her dysfunctional home life any longer. In a desperate attempt for self-preservation, Missy finds herself back with Will and this time things are different.But the direct violation of her mother's edict proves the perfect catalyst to push her pill-popping mother over the edge and Missy's home life past the point of no return. Now her only chance for normalcy will require Missy to ask herself if staying silent for so many years was truly about protecting herself from her past, or more about protecting a mother who never protected her.
25215892	STABILITY	There is only one person in the whole world who remembers the famous prophet Astrid Glyn: the berserker Soren Bearstar.Ever since Astrid agreed to give up her life, her name, and even her prophetic dreams to become Idun the Young, the almost-goddess who protects the apples of immortality in a secret mountain orchard, she's been forgotten by everyone. Everyone except Soren.For the last two years he's faithfully visited her every three months. Then one day he doesn't come. Though forbidden to leave the orchard, Astrid defies the gods by escaping with a bastard son of Thor to find Soren. But ancient creatures are moving in the mountains beneath the country. They are desperate to leave the shadows and Astrid's quest might be the key they need.Not-quite-a-goddess, but no longer only a girl, Astrid must choose a path that will save herself and the people she loves without unraveling the ancient magic that holds the entire nine worlds together.Welcome to the final chapter of the United States of Asgard.
18737669	BELONGING	Amanda Burnson is a typical teen with all the typical problems: excess weight, struggles with body odor, random people trying to kill her . . . oh, and her boyfriend just might be a werewolf. At seventeen, Amanda, who has been raised by her neo-pagan uncle, has more friends at the local Renaissance faire than at her high school. Most of her summers are spent at faires, festivals, and Aunt Maggie's farm. There is something new going on in the heart of America, in the small Iowa town that Amanda calls home. The whole town is changing-a tough way to begin a school year. New kids alongside the old; new attitudes colliding with the usual annoying old ones; menacing new faces alongside comforting ones. . . things will never be the same once this brew is boiled.
7014031	BELONGING	At first it seems that she's living the elusive New York City dream. She's subletting an apartment with her best friend, Hope, working for a magazine that actually utilizes her psychology degree, and still deeply in love with Marcus Flutie, the charismatic addict-turned-Buddhist who first captivated her at sixteen.Of course, reality is more complicated than dreamy cliches. She and Hope share bunk beds in the "Cupcake"--the girlie pastel bedroom normally occupied by twelve-year-old twins. Their Brooklyn neighborhood is better suited to "breeders," and she and Hope split the rent with their promiscuous high school pal, Manda, and her "genderqueer boifriend." Freelancing for an obscure journal can't put a dent in Jessica's student loans, so she's eking out a living by babysitting her young niece and lamenting that she, unlike most of her friends, can't postpone adulthood by going back to school.Yet it's the ever-changing relationship with Marcus that leaves her most unsettled. At the ripe age of twenty-three, he's just starting his freshman year at Princeton University. Is she ready to give up her imperfect yet invigorating post-college life just because her on-again/off-again soul mate asks her to... marry him?Jessica has one week to respond to Marcus's perplexing marriage proposal. During this time, she gains surprising wisdom from unexpected sources, including a popular talk show shrink, a drag queen named Royalle G. Biv, and yes, even her parents. But the most shocking confession concerns two people she thought had nothing to hide: Hope and Marcus.Will this knowledge inspire Jessica to give up a world of late-night literary soirees, art openings, and downtown drunken karaoke to move back to New Jersey and be with the one man who's gripped her heart for years? Jessica ponders this and other life choices with her signature snark and hyper-intense insight, making it the most tumultuous and memorable week of her twenty-something life.
7971189	MASTERY	New enemies, new romance, and new horrors,Billi's back, and it seems like the Unholy just can't take a hint. Still reeling from the death of her best friend, Kay, Billi's thrust back into action when the Templars are called to investigate werewolf activity. And these werewolves are like nothing Bilil's seen before.They call themselves the Polenitsy - Man Killers. The ancient warrior women of Eastern Europe, supposedly wiped out centuries ago. But now they're out of hiding and on the hunt for a Spring Child -- an Oracle powerful enough to blow the volcano at Yellowstone -- precipitating a Fimbulwinter that will wipe out humankind for good. The Templars follow the stolen Spring Child to Russia, and the only people there who can help are the Bogatyrs, a group of knights who may have gone to the dark side. To reclaim the Spring Child and save the world, Billi needs to earn the trust of Ivan Romanov, an arrogant young Bogatyr whose suspicious of people in general, and of Billi in particular. Dark Goddessis a page-turning, action-packed sequel that spans continents, from England to the Russian underworld and back. This is an adventure of folklore and myth become darkly real. Of the world running out of time. And of Billi SanGreal, the only one who can save it.
8872162	BELONGING	Cara has never been one of thosegirls: confident, self-possessed, and always ready with the perfect thing to say. A girl at the very top of the popularity tower. One of the Populazzi.Now, junior year could change everything. Cara's moving to a new school, and her best friend urges her to seize the moment--with the help of the Ladder. Its rungs are relationships, and if Cara transforms into the perfect girlfriend for guys ever-higher on the tower, she'll reach the ultimate goal: Supreme Populazzi.The Ladder seems like a lighthearted social experiment, a straight climb up, but it quickly becomes gnarled and twisted. And when everything goes wrong, only the most audacious act Cara can think of has a chance of setting things even a little bit right.
27206442	BELONGING	A teen grapples with ALS and his decision to die in this "deeply moving" (Booklist, starred review) debut novel infused with the haunting grace of Japanese poetry and the noble importance of friendship.Sora is going to die, and he's only seventeen years old. Diagnosed with ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease), he's already lost the use of his legs, which means he can no longer attend school. Seeking a sense of normality, Sora visits teen chat rooms online and finally finds what he's been longing for: friendship without pity.As much as he loves his new friends, he can't ignore what's ahead. He's beginning to lose the function of his hands, and soon he'll become even more of a burden to his mother. Inspired by the death poems of the legendary Japanese warriors known as samurai, Sora makes the decision to leave life on his own terms. And he needs his friends to help him.
649514	BELONGING	Life is looking up for D.J. Schwenk. She's in eleventh grade, finally. After a rocky summer, she's reconnecting in a big way with her best friend, Amber. She's got kind of a thing going with Brian Nelson, who's cute and popular and smart but seems to like her anyway. And then there's the fact she's starting for the Red Bend High School football team--the first girl linebacker in northern Wisconsin, probably. Which just shows you can't predict the future. As autumn progresses, D.J. struggles to understand Amber, Schwenk Farm, her relationship with Brian, and most of all her family. As a whole herd of trouble comes her way, she discovers she's a lot stronger than she--or anyone--ever thought.This hilarious, heartbreaking and triumphant sequel to the critically acclaimed Dairy Queentakes D.J. and all the Schwenks from Labor Day to a Thanksgiving football game that you will never forget.
13368650	BELONGING	It's been several generations since a genetic experiment gone wrong caused the Reduction, decimating humanity and giving rise to a Luddite nobility who outlawed most technology.Elliot North has always known her place in this world. Four years ago Elliot refused to run away with her childhood sweetheart, the servant Kai, choosing duty to her family's estate over love. Since then the world has changed: a new class of Post-Reductionists is jumpstarting the wheel of progress, and Elliot's estate is foundering, forcing her to rent land to the mysterious Cloud Fleet, a group of shipbuilders that includes renowned explorer Captain Malakai Wentforth--an almost unrecognizable Kai. And while Elliot wonders if this could be their second chance, Kai seems determined to show Elliot exactly what she gave up when she let him go.But Elliot soon discovers her old friend carries a secret--one that could change their society . . . or bring it to its knees. And again, she's faced with a choice: cling to what she's been raised to believe, or cast her lot with the only boy she's ever loved, even if she's lost him forever.Inspired by Jane Austen's Persuasion, For Darkness Shows the Starsis a breathtaking romance about opening your mind to the future and your heart to the one person you know can break it.
26253511	INDEPENDENCE	Nicole Tepper has it all--beauty, popularity, and the perfect boyfriend. But after a party she can't remember, she wakes up in a ghostly state, trapped between life and death. Nicole's injured body is lying in a wooded area, but she has no idea where--or how long she has left to live.Only one person can hear her now: Dale Finnegan, a loner classmate that Nicole has relentlessly bullied. Dale's the last person in school who would want to help her, but he sets their tangled history aside to try to save her life. As they dig into what happened at the party, they discover her boyfriend isn't as perfect as he seems--and neither are her friends. With the clock ticking down and her life slipping away, Nicole must face a hard truth: Was what happened to her a terrible accident? Or does someone want her dead?This is a new edition of the previously self-published novel Betwixt.
12420414	INDEPENDENCE	After Joe's parents died, he stopped growing up. He doesn't know where his money comes from. His diet consists primarily of cheeseburgers from McDonald's. He plays basketball on the level of a pro, but he has only ever played on the streets. Then his brother disappears, and Julia shows up. Joe falls in love with Julia as quickly as his twin brother, Alvin, did. And like Alvin did before him, he runs away with Julia to her parents' hotel. There, he's so blinded by her seductive, dysfunctional family that he can't see the truth of his brother's disappearance ...until he accidentally stumbles upon Alvin's killer.
18075990	INDEPENDENCE	Meg Little desperately wants to be editor in chief of the Haverton Gazette after the former editor resigns to complete a stint in rehab for a raging Adderall addiction.When Margaret Bean, Haverton Prep's star equestrian, is bucked from her horse two weeks before regionals, Meg believes she may have found the story that will win her the coveted position. Margaret's a gold medal-winning rider--she doesn't make mistakes.But the rest of the school buys her fall as an accident. Even Meg's best friend thinks the fall was innocuous--until Meg shows him a photo of Margaret's horse sporting a cut saddle after the event. Clearly, the "accident" was sabotage.Against Margaret's wishes to let broken girls lie, Meg launches an investigation into the equestrian team. As regionals approaches, Meg learns the students of Haverton are far more dangerous than their plaid skirts and blazers suggest--and all the little liars on Margaret's team have something to hide.
6361376	STABILITY	Jojo's back, released from jail, and people are tense and afraid all over again. They wonder if his friends will start showing up again. They wonder if they'll be walking down the street one day and they'll run into Jojo and Jojo will give them attitude or shove them around, just for fun. Jojo's friends have a way of making it hard--really hard--on people who decide to press charges against Jojo. Those people just wish Jojo would go away and never come back. Then there are the people who have hate in their hearts. These people wish something bad would happen to Jojo. Something really bad. Ardell Withrow is one of those people.
366894	BELONGING	Calliope (or Cal as she calls herself) wants nothing more than to stay put; to stop traveling cross-country with her mother, sleeping in a tent, and abandoning all belongings whenever they pull up stakes. Meanwhile, eliot misses the happy times he left behind when his father decided to open a camp for kids looking to lose weight and find Jesus. when Cal and eliot meet by chance, they feel an immediate connection. together they must face their isolation, the threat of yet another move, and the deepening of eliot's father's obsession. in their case, love just might be everything it's cracked up to be.
501694	MASTERY	speeding"It's a buzz!"Rich is determined Bonny's going to be his girlfriend. No messing about this time -- he wants a proper relationship. Trouble is, things keep getting in the way. Like the past, interfering friends, and the thing that's bothering Bonny, the thing she won't talk about. Not to mention Tigger.And then it all turns into a road movie.Bonny's best friend has been dragged up to Scotland by her scary boyfriend to join a weird cult. Rich and Bonny dash up the M1 to the rescue, cranking their relationship up another gear as they go. There's a damsel in distress, but how will Rich cope with his "girlfriend" being in the driver's seat?
13546385	BELONGING	Alex and Lila are on the run, desperately trying to stay one step ahead of the Unit, which is somehow tracking their every move. While Alex is determined to keep Lila safe and her ability secret at any cost, Lila's only thought is of finding a way back to California so she can rescue her brother and mother from the military base where they're being held. Struggling to control both her growing power and her deepening feelings for Alex, Lila decides the time has finally come to stop running and start fighting. Together with Alex, Demos, and the others she's come to think of as family, Lila plans not only to save her brother and mum, but also to completely destroy the Unit and everything it stands for. But the plan requires Lila to return to California alone, and to make friends with the enemy - and in doing so, she risks losing everything: Alex, her family... even her life.
31390850	BELONGING	Shunned by the other dryads, Aurianna lives unloved and alone. When a beautiful human named Branson King crashes into a tree and kills her grandmother, the dryads force Aurianna to take an oath that she will find and kill Branson--or die herself. But instead of finding a hardened human heart, Aurianna discovers friendship, affection, and sparks of passion--along with a deadly secret. As her relationship with Branson grows, Aurianna is confronted with a harsh reality: in order to live, she must kill the only person that might ever love her.
6638377	MASTERY	About three things I was absolutely certain.First, Edwart was most likely my soul mate, maybe.Second, there was a vampire part of him--which I assumed was wildly out of his control--that wanted me dead.And third, I unconditionally, irrevocably, impenetrably, heterogeneously, gynecologically, and disreputably wished he had kissed me.And thus Belle Goose falls in love with the mysterious and sparkly Edwart Mullen in the Harvard Lampoon's hilarious send-up of Twilight.Pale and klutzy, Belle arrives in Switchblade, Oregon looking for adventure, or at least an undead classmate. She soon discovers Edwart, a super-hot computer nerd with zero interest in girls. After witnessing a number of strange events-Edwart leaves his tater tots untouched at lunch! Edwart saves her from a flying snowball!-Belle has a dramatic revelation: Edwart is a vampire. But how can she convince Edwart to bite her and transform her into his eternal bride, especially when he seems to find girls so repulsive?Complete with romance, danger, insufficient parental guardianship, creepy stalker-like behavior, and a vampire prom, Nightlightis the uproarious tale of a vampire-obsessed girl, looking for love in all the wrong places.
14830670	INDEPENDENCE	Now in paperback! When the rest of the class goes all brain-dead on new girl Bobby, it's a school-trip splatter-fest and completely not cool!On the way home from the ski trip, when the bus comes to a stop at a roadside restaurant, everyone gets off and heads in for lunch. Everyone, that is, except Bobby, the new girl, who stays behind with rebel-without-a-clue Smitty.Then hours pass. Snow piles up. Sun goes down. Bobby and Smitty start to flirt. And to stress a bit, too. Till finally they see the other kids stumbling back.But they've changed. And not in a good way. Straight up, they're zombies. So the wheels on the bus better go round and round freakin' fast, because that's the only thing keeping Bobby and Smitty from becoming their classmates' next meal. It's kill or be killed in these hunger games, heads are gonna roll, and homework is most definitely gonna be late.Combining the chill of THE SHINING, the thrill ride of SPEED, the humor of SHAUN OF THE DEAD, and the angst of THE BREAKFAST CLUB, Kirsty McKay's UNDEAD is a bloody mad mash-up, a school-trip splatter-fest, a funny, gory, frighteningly good debut!
7204996	BELONGING	A fairytale, a mystery, a history of hot-air ballooning, and a romance . . . A novel so brilliant, moving, zingy -- and Zingy -- that it could only have come from Jaclyn Moriarty. The Zing family lives in a world of misguided spell books, singular poetry, and state-of-the-art surveillance equipment. They use these things to protect the Zing Family Secret -- one so huge it draws the family to the garden shed for meetings every Friday night. Into their world comes socially isolated middle grader Listen Taylor, whose father is dating a Zing. Enter Cath Murphy, a young teacher at the elementary school that Cassie Zing attends, suffering from a broken heart. How will the worlds of these two young woman connect? Only the reader can know!
20578768	STABILITY	A cross between Jane Austen's Emma, Dear Abby, and Yenta the matchmaker!When 16-year-old Raina Resnick is expelled from her Manhattan private school, she's sent to live with her strict aunt-but Raina feels like she's persona non grata no matter where she goes. Her sister, Leah, blames her for her broken engagement, and she's a social pariah at her new school. In the tight-knit Jewish community, Raina finds she is good at one thing: matchmaking! As the anonymous "MatchMaven," Raina sets up hopeless singles desperate to find the One.Can she find the perfect match for her sister and get back on her good side, or will her secret life catch up with her?In this debut novel, Suri Rosen creates a comic and heartwarming story of one girl trying to find happiness for others, and redemption for herself.
9672990	MASTERY	'If she'd waited less than two weeks, she'd be June who died in June. But I guess my sister didn't consider that.'Harper Scott's older sister has always been the perfect one so when June takes her own life a week before her high school graduation, sixteen-year-old Harper is devastated. Everyone's sorry, but no one can explain why.When her divorcing parents decide to split her sister's ashes into his-and-her urns, Harper takes matters into her own hands. She'll steal the ashes and drive cross-country with her best friend, Laney, to the one place June always dreamed of going, California.Enter Jake Tolan. He's a boy with a bad attitude, a classic-rock obsession and nothing in common with Harper's sister. But Jake had a connection with June, and when he insists on joining them, Harper's just desperate enough to let him. With his alternately charming and infuriating demeanour and his belief that music can see you through anything, he might be exactly what she needs.Except June wasn't the only one hiding something. Jake's keeping a secret that has the power to turn Harper's life upside down again.
15721451	INDEPENDENCE	Prentisstown isn't like other towns. Everyone can hear everyone else's thoughts in an overwhelming, never-ending stream of Noise. Just a month away from the birthday that will make him a man, Todd and his dog, Manchee - whose thoughts Todd can hear, too, whether he wants to or not - stumble upon an area of complete silence. They find that in a town where privacy is impossible, something terrible has been hidden - a secret so awful that Todd and Manchee must run for their lives.But how do you escape when your pursuers can hear your every thought?
23208375	BELONGING	Seventeen-year-old Francis Fripp's confidence is practically non-existent since his abusive father drenched him in accelerant and threw a match at him eight years ago. Now badly scarred, Francis relies on his best friend Trig to protect him from the constant bullying doled out at the hands of his nemesis, Brandon Hayley--the unrelenting boy who gave him the dreaded nickname of Burn Baby.The new girl at school, Rachel Higgins, is the first to see past Francis's pariah-inducing scars. If Brandon's bullying doesn't destroy him, Francis might experience life as a normal teenager for the first time in his life. He just has to avoid Brandon and convince himself he's worthy of Rachel's attentions. Sounds easy enough, but Francis himself has a hard time seeing past his scars. And Brandon is getting violently frustrated, as his attempts to bully Francis are constantly thwarted. Francis is in turmoil as he simultaneously rushes toward his first kiss and a possible violent end.Selected for the 2016 American Library Services for Youth In Custody (LSYC) IN THE MARGINS Book Award List.
2090786	INDEPENDENCE	Fifteen-year-old Luke is a skilled thief with a perfect record until the day he is caught running from a robbery gone wrong. He chooses to save the life of a blind girl, Jodi, rather than escape cleanly. As a result, Luke is given a shot at freedom if he will train to be Jodi's guide in the London Marathon. The friendship that develops between the two offers Luke one last chance to discover just how far-and in what direction-he is willing to run. A taut, unpredictable read, this novel will appeal to anyone who has changed course in life . . . or is trying to figure out how.
1913358	BELONGING	Fifteen-year-old Bobby thinks he knows what it's like to be invisible-he's used to being ignored by the popular kids at school (especially the girls). Even his parents hardly seem to notice whether he's home or not. Then one morning, Bobby wakes up to find that he IS invisible. For real. He can't stop wondering if he'll ever reappear-especially when his parents wreck their car and wind up in the hospital. Now Bobby is all alone. How can he survive in a world where he can't be seen? One thing's for sure: Bobby's not going to just wait around to see if his body will decide to show up again on its own. He's got to take action. Fast.
7008390	BELONGING	A National Book Award Finalist offers an intense portrait of an abusive relationship.Johanna is steadfast, patient, reliable; the go-to girl, the one everyone can count on. But always being there for others can't give Johanna everything she needs--it can't give her Reeve Hartt.Reeve is fierce, beautiful, wounded, elusive; a flame that draws Johanna's fluttering moth. Johanna is determined to get her, against all advice, and to help her, against all reason. But love isn't always reasonable, right?In the precarious place where attraction and need collide, a teenager experiences the dark side of a first love, and struggles to find her way into a new light.From the Hardcover edition.
18453180	BELONGING	Mercy is an angel in exile, and she's doomed to return to Earth, over and over again, each time taking on a new human form. Now she is thrust into the excessive world of fashion, when she awakens in the body of a troubled Russian supermodel, Irina. Hot-tempered and known to dabble in things she shouldn't, Irina is on the verge of a very public breakdown.Against the glamorous background of Milan, Mercy continues her desperate search for Ryan, while still drawn to Luc, her longtime love. But now, Mercy is aware that her memories and powers are growing stronger-and she begins to doubt Luc as more of her mysterious past is revealed. Are Luc's desires as selfless as her own, or does he want her for a more terrifying purpose?The grand-scale celestial battle for Mercy's soul builds to an astonishing crescendo in the third book in the enthralling MERCY series, as archangels and demons clash in a cataclysmic showdown that not all will survive.
34212966	BELONGING	In the vein of It's Kind of a Funny Story and All the Bright Places, comes a captivating, immersive exploration of life with mental illness.For sixteen-year-old Mel Hannigan, bipolar disorder makes life unpredictable. Her latest struggle is balancing her growing feelings in a new relationship with her instinct to keep everyone at arm's length. And when a former friend confronts Mel with the truth about the way their relationship ended, deeply buried secrets threaten to come out and upend her shaky equilibrium.As the walls of Mel's compartmentalized world crumble, she fears the worst--that her friends will abandon her if they learn the truth about what she's been hiding. Can Mel bring herself to risk everything to find out?In A Tragic Kind of Wonderful, Eric Lindstrom, author of the critically acclaimed Not If I See You First, examines the fear that keeps us from exposing our true selves, and the courage it takes to be loved for who we really are.
6666825	NONE	A la fin des annees 1970, trois pom-pom girls quittent leur camp de vacances a bord d'une Mustang decapotable dans l'espoir de se baigner dans le mysterieux Lac des Amants. Dans leur insouciance, elles sourient a deux garcons croises en chemin. Mauvais choix au mauvais moment. Soudain, cette journee idyllique tourne au cauchemar. Reves de garcons est une plongee au coeur d'un univers adolescent depeint avec une justesse sans egale. Une fois de plus, Laura Kasischke s'attache a detourner avec beaucoup de ferocite certains cliches de l'Amerique contemporaine et nous laisse, jusqu'a la revelation finale, dans l'imminence de la catastrophe.
8048835	BELONGING	They've fought over guys, sorority elections and who gets the last Cheeserito. Casey Cartwright "thought" that made her and her ZBZ little sis Rebecca Logan closer. But when Casey's ex, Evan, nominates Rebecca as the next Omega Chi fraternity Sweetheart and Rebecca hesitates, Casey vows to play hardball. ZBZ's status on campus depends on Rebecca winning that title. It's time for some sisterly guidance....Meanwhile, Casey's brother Rusty wants to create a truly spectacular legacy for his fraternity, Kappa Tau, and KT prez Cappie is hoping to live up to Casey's expectations for their fragile new relationship. The pressure is getting to everybody. When Casey goes overboard trying to advise Rebecca on how to win Sweetheart, things reach the breaking point. Will a surprise finish to the competition shake everything apart, or is it just the shock needed to bring best frenemies together?
11086115	INDEPENDENCE	Gorgeous friends. Gorgeous boys. Endless parties. And a mother who can't say sh*%.Laurel Rixon thinks she likes being the good girl. She has a flawless GPA, a best friend who idolizes her, and a football playing boyfriend. Skipping parties to study is fine when you need to impress your perfect mother and of course, your insanely hot History teacher. Laurel Rixon loved being a good girl.That is until her world at school turns upside down and her own perfect mother makes the mistake of her life. Now Laurel's ready to abandon the good for the bad, and it's just so easy when no one can tell you what to do anymore. With a limitless credit card, a new look, and a new clique of beautiful friends, Laurel's ready to live the life she never knew she wanted.But when you've spent your life on the good side, making up for lost time can get ugly.Novel Length: appr. 58,000 Words + Single Chapter Excerpt from Hidden Gem
31085274	BELONGING	Six months ago, Princess Sorrowlynn stood beside Prince Golmarr to defeat the glass dragon. But when the prince almost killed her after inheriting the dragon's curse of hatred, he went into hiding to keep Sorrow safe . . . from himself.Now the princess has been training to become a great warrior, with the hope of finding Golmarr. But her search proves difficult when she discovers she has been wed to the prince of an enemy kingdom. Desperate to end her forced marriage and be reunited with her true love, Sorrow must find a way to escape her captor husband. But there's just one more dangerous obstacle in her way. A two-headed dragon is hunting her and will stop at nothing until she is dead.Can Sorrow summon the courage to wield the only sword that can defeat the beast and save her world from the destruction of the dragon's curse?
26064760	BELONGING	This world is trying to kill Lily Proctor. Her life-threatening allergies keep her from enjoying experiences that others in her hometown of Salem take for granted, which is why she is determined to enjoy her first high school party with her best friend and longtime crush, Tristan. But after a humiliating incident in front of half her graduating class, Lily wishes she could just disappear.Suddenly, Lily is in a different Salem--one overrun with horrifying creatures and ruled by powerful women called Crucibles. Strongest and cruelest of them all is Lillian . . . Lily's other self in this alternate universe.What makes Lily weak at home is what makes her extraordinary in New Salem. In this confusing world, Lily is torn between responsibilities she can't hope to shoulder alone and a love she never expected.
26181389	INDEPENDENCE	Set in an alternate universe, the protagonist, a self deprecating college student named Jen, is forced into a world where nighttime curfews are cruel, and monsters are real. Plagued with mental illness from birth, her twin brother was the only one who ever understood her. Since his engagement to a vain, dimwitted valley girl, he's been paying Jen less and less of the attention she desperately craves.Her journey begins when she attempts to take her own life on New Year's Eve after a final spat with her brother, landing her on a deserted highway just outside of hell instead of falling to her death. With the ghostly image of her empty apartment building fading into the night, she know's that the only way is forward.She's immediately greeted by a quirky engineer named Hopper, who is quick to gloss over the importance of getting out of sight; so quick it leaves Jen in another terrible spot. Separated from Hopper and captured by Collectors, she wakes in a nightmare to which there seems to be no escape, The Mill. Hunted by unnatural creatures in this dank underground, she begins to discover the importance of life, and the err of her mistake.
10930660	MASTERY	Love never dies . . .It took Lucinda an eternity to find her beloved angel, Daniel. But he waited for her. Now they are forced apart again, to protect Luce from the Outcasts - immortals who want her dead. During their separation, Luce learns about her mysterious past lives. But the more she discovers, the more she suspects Daniel is hiding something.What if Daniel's version of the past isn't true?Is it really their destiny to be together?Or is Luce actually meant to be with someone else?The thrilling sequel to the international bestseller, Fallen.
22220289	MASTERY	For fans of Laini Taylor's Daughter of Smoke and Bone series and Leigh Bardugo's Grisha trilogy comes the first book in the Dark Caravan Cycle, a modern fantasy-adventure trilogy about a gorgeous, fierce eighteen-year-old jinni who is pitted against two magnetic adversaries, both of whom want her--and need her--to make their wishes come true.Nalia is a jinni of tremendous ancient power, the only survivor of a coup that killed nearly everyone she loved. Now in hiding on the dark caravan--the lucrative jinni slave trade between Arjinna and Earth, where jinn are forced to grant wishes and obey their human masters' every command--she'd give almost anything to be free of the golden shackles that bind her to Malek, her handsome, cruel master, and his lavish Hollywood lifestyle.Enter Raif, the enigmatic leader of Arjinna's revolution and Nalia's sworn enemy. He promises to release Nalia from her master so that she can return to her ravaged homeland and free her imprisoned brother. There's just one catch: for Raif's unbinding magic to work, Nalia must gain possession of her bottle ... and convince the dangerously persuasive Malek that she truly loves him.
18634972	NONE	September Girlsis a stunning coming-of-age novel about first loves, oblivious parents, sibling rivalries--and mermaids. This imaginative and painfully honest book garnered five starred reviews, including one from ALA Booklistthat proclaimed it "a rare and lovely novel, deserving of attention from discriminating readers."Whisked away by his father to an unusual beach town in the Outer Banks, Sam finds himself having the summer vacation most guys dream of. He's surrounded by beautiful blonde girls, and, better yet, they all seem inexplicably attracted to him. But there's definitely something strange about the Girls. They only wear flats because heels make their feet bleed. They never go swimming in the water. And they all want something from him.Sam falls for one of the Girls, DeeDee, and begins an unexpected summer romance. But as they get closer, she pulls away without explanation. Sam knows that if he is going to win her back, he'll have to learn the Girls' secret.Bennett Madison, critically acclaimed author of The Blonde of the Joke, brings a mix of lyrical writing, psychologically complex characters, and sardonic humor to this young adult novel. September Girlsis perfect for fans of the irreverent wit of Ned Vizzini and the seductive magic of fairy tales retold.
25422454	BELONGING	When Ellyn Dashwood's family moves to Bloomfield, NM, she's not sure she'll fit in as easily as her wildly popular twin sister, Maralyn, will. Though they're identical, since the day they were born, the two sisters were exact opposites. Maralyn attracted people to her like bees to a hive. However, with Ellyn's autism, she's positive she'll never be considered more than awkward. That is, until she meets the totally hot Zane Ferrars.Zane is the tall, smart, hot, athletic, kind--did we mention hot?--neighbor who has made it his mission to uncover Ellyn's secrets. She's a puzzle he's eager to solve. However, she soon finds out he's got a few secrets of his own--secrets that will break her cautious heart if she's not sensible enough to be careful.This eagerly awaited new installment of the Jane Austen Diaries is a contemporary retelling of the classic novel Sense and Sensibility.
1960021	BELONGING	If there's one boy at Maplesville High that Darby Haynes can't stand, it's Bruce Edwards. Darby first met him when his car plowed into hers at a busy intersection. She's been running into him --literally--ever since. It doesn't matter that Bruce is a hunk and that most of the girls at school have crushes on him. To Darby he's nothing but a clumsy, conceited jerk.Than David Matthews, a guy Darby likes even less, starts asking her out. In desperation, Darby asks Bruce to pretend he's her boyfriend. It's supposed to be a temporary arrangement to get David to lose interest in her. Darby doesn't count on falling for Bruce in the process! She's already convinced David that she and Bruce are in love. Now can she convince Bruce?
12633139	INDEPENDENCE	From the moment Lucia steps into Bayside Art Academy, she is fed a steady stream of lies, but it's not until she meets William that she begins to question the people she trusts. Unraveling fact from fabrication seems impossible until Lucia finds her first painting, and discovers the dead do not lie--at least not to her.A dozen lifetimes ago, Lucia started a war. Not a war with armies or guns, but a bloody war nonetheless. The path leading Lucia to the truth is hidden within lovely art that spans the ages. In this life, however, Lucia doesn't know where to look. Lost, she turns to the one thing she knows with certainty--she is in love with Leo, and has been before.
13056119	BELONGING	Jennie Townsend is unlucky in love, so she is immediately suspicious when a mysterious new student named Nate tries to gain her friendship. But there is something special about Nate, and in spite of her best efforts Jennie finds her feelings for the boy growing deeper every day.In fact, Nate is more special than Jennie can even imagine. He is a guardian angel, sent to protect Jennie during a most dangerous time in her life. To do so, he must first become close to her - but not too close. The rules for Protectors warn against physical contact and strictly forbid falling in love. But the more time Nate spends with Jennie, the harder the rules are to follow. Will Nate be able to save Jennie from a premature end, or will his own emotions - and Jennie's - get in the way of completing the task for which he was specifically chosen?With Unbreakable Love, Angela Carling has created a captivating story for young adult readers, with a refreshing twist on relationship issues. It is an ode to the magical power of true love, a tribute to belief in a benevolent higher power that watches over us and surrounds us every day of our lives.
32596235	BELONGING	For most of her teenage life, CeCe Edmonds has been dealing with the stares and the not-so-polite whispers that follow her around Edgelake High. So she has a large scar on her face--Harry Potter had one on his forehead and people still liked him.CeCe never cared about her looks--until Emmett Brady, transfer student and football darling, becomes her literature critique partner. The only problem? Emmett isblindsided by Bryn DeNeuville, CeCe's gorgeous and suddenly shy volleyball teammate.Bryn asks CeCe to help her compose messages that'll charm Emmett.CeCe isn't sure there's anything in his head worth charming but agrees anyway--she's a sucker for a good romance. Unfortunately, the more messages she sends and the more they run into each other, the more she realizes there's plenty in his head, from food to literature. Too bad Emmett seems to be falling for the wrong girl...Disclaimer: This Entangled Teen Crush book involves one fiercely scarred girl who wants the new guy in town, the new guy who thinks he wants the new girl, and the new girl who really isn't sure what she wants, and the misunderstanding that brings them all together. This modern Cyrano de Bergerac retelling will make you laugh, swoon, and fall in love.
31450487	INDEPENDENCE	Chin up, Princess, or the crown will slip.A theme park princess must put her life back together after her happily ever after falls apart in this contemporary YA romance from Karole Cozzo, author of How to Keep Rolling After a Fall and How to Say I Love You Out Loud.Everything was supposed to be perfect. Alyssa has a job she loves, working as Cinderella at her favorite theme park; a fantastic group of friends; and a boyfriend who will no longer be long distance. But as the summer progresses, her prince becomes less charming and more distant, and Alyssa's perfect summer falls apart.Forced to acknowledge that life is not always a fairy tale, Alyssa starts working to pull her herself back together. Fortunately, she doesn't have to do it alone. With her friend Miller's support, she's determined to prove that she's more than just a pretty princess. And with his help, maybe she's finally ready for something better than dreams. Maybe she's ready for something real.
18501782	MASTERY	Cameron Winters is a freak. Fortunately, no one but her family knows the truth... that Cameron can read minds. For years Cameron has hidden behind a facade of normalcy, warned that there are those who would do her harm. When gorgeous and mysterious Lewis Douglas arrives he destroys everything Cameron has ever believed and tempts her with possibilities of freedom. Determined to embrace her hidden talents, Cameron heads to a secret haven with Lewis; a place where she meets others like her, Mind Readers.But as Cameron soon finds out some things are too good to be true. When the Mind Readers realize the extent of Cameron's abilities, they want to use her powers for their own needs. Cameron suddenly finds herself involved in a war in which her idea of what is right and wrong is greatly tested. In the end she'll be forced to make a choice that will not only threaten her relationship with Lewis, but her very life.
8940240	INDEPENDENCE	What Lily Carter wants most in the world is to attend Princeton University just like her grandfather. When she finally visits the campus, Grandpa surprises her: She has been selected to take the top-secret Legacy Test. Passing means automatic acceptance to Princeton. Sweet!Lily's test is to find the Ivy Key. But what is she looking for? Where does she start? As she searches, Lily is joined by Tye, a cute college boy with orange and black hair who says he's her guard. That's weird. But things get seriously strange when a gargoyle talks to her. He tells her that there are two Princetons--the ordinary one and a magical one--and the Key opens the gate between them. But there are more secrets that surround Lily. Worse secrets.When Lily enters the magical Princeton, she uncovers old betrayals and new dangers, and a chance at her dream becomes a fight for her life. Soon Lily is caught in a power struggle between two worlds, with her family at its center. In a place where Knights slay monsters, boys are were-tigers, and dragons might be out for blood, Lily will need all of her ingenuity and courage--and a little magic--to unite the worlds and unlock the secrets of her past and her future.
9272742	BELONGING	"Most superhero stories start with a meteor shower or a nasty insect bite, but mine actually starts with a kiss..."An accident that should end in tragedy instead gives seventeen-year-old Jamie Baker a slew of uncontrollable superhuman abilities.To keep her secret safe Jamie socially exiles herself, earning the title of Rocklin High's resident ice queen. But during a supercharged encounter with star quarterback Ryan Miller she literally kisses anonymity goodbye. Now the annoyingly irresistible Ryan will stop at nothing to melt the heart of the ice queen and find out what makes her so special.Unfortunately, Ryan is not the only person on to her secret. Will Jamie learn to contain her unstable powers before being discovered by the media or turned into a government lab rat?More importantly, can she throw Ryan Miller off her trail before falling in love with him?
31926750	MASTERY	Inside the gleaming domes of Mars Colony One, seventeen-year-old Lizzy Engram and her fellow cadets work to make the Red Planet habitable.And every Sunday night, the doctors erase their memories.Week by week the procedure is carried out. Until one morning, Lizzy wakes with all of the missing memories inside her head. And not just her own, but the memories of every cadet on the planet--from the boy who falls in love with her every week, to the girl who wants to ruin her life, to the cadets who have simply disappeared.Now balancing the desires, fears, ideas, and secrets of the entire colony, Lizzy has six days to figure out what the doctors are hiding--and why--or she'll lose more than her memories.
27308131	INDEPENDENCE	Life for Colby Stevens has not been going his way. He's just turned sixteen, summer has begun, and the bullies in school won't leave him alone. His only solace at home is a quirky Nana who can't cook, a resentful and distant older sister and an alcoholic mother who doesn't even remember his birthday. His dad disappeared when Colby was six years old and the details from that night are a little fuzzy.Things take a wild turn when Colby's emotions get the better of him and his bully ends up on the receiving end of humiliation. And Colby never even laid a hand on him. He discovers he possesses an ancient magic his father had bound to keep him safe. When his magic reappears, it's powerful, hard to control, but at least his strange childhood memories are beginning to make sense.Colby and his friends end up in an all-day detention overseen by a visiting archeology professor who makes Colby the president of the school's new club. Something strange occurs to the students, but Colby didn't conjure it. Seems he's not the only supernatural in school.Now, Colby must learn to gain control of his abilities and he creates an app he hopes will help. His muse, an odd little blue man, is assigned to help Colby and to keep him safe. This proves difficult when Colby's powers get the attention of the rest of the supernatural world. They have plans to take it all away, and will do anything to get it.Caught in the middle of a war that began at the beginning of time, Colby and his friends must learn to fight back, and learn fast. Not everything is how it appears and the battle to survive won't be an easy one, but Colby has no choice if he wants to withstand what's coming.
25817089	INDEPENDENCE	In the ninth chapter book in the New York Times-bestselling series, Amelia Bedelia and her friends at school explore different jobs and careers and think about what they want to be when they grow up! Amelia Bedelia is especially curious about her own father's line of work. If he spends the day pitching to a client, does that mean he plays a lot of baseball?The Amelia Bedelia chapter books star Amelia Bedelia as a young girl and feature funny family and friendship stories just right for fans of Judy Moody and Ivy + Bean. The Amelia Bedelia books have sold more than 35 million copies since we first met the iconic character in 1963!
22444900	BELONGING	Everyone is wrong about hell.Vulnerable and weak after her battle with her guardian Joshua, Hunter is snatched up by the Agents who work for a ruthless and cold institution called ICE. There, Hunter is imprisoned with other mutants of different ages and abilities, forced into a nightmare of constant experiments and brutality.Joshua is a mess. Frantically trying to fix the mistakes he made, Joshua embarks on a quest across the country to find Hunter and rescue her. But the company he keeps is continuously distracting him, and Joshua can't control the strange feelings of love and comfort that begin to boil inside his cold, icy heart.Will Hunter escape and find her fire again, or will Joshua and his mistakes find her first?
9366996	BELONGING	A thrilling debut story of death, love, destiny, and dangerLenzi hears voices and has visions - gravestones, floods, a boy with steel gray eyes. Her boyfriend, Zak, can't help, and everything keeps getting louder and more intense. Then Lenzi meets Alden, the boy from her dreams, who reveals that she's a reincarnated Speaker - someone who can talk to and help lost souls - and that he has been her Protector for centuries.Now Lenzi must choose between her life with Zak and the life she is destined to lead with Alden. But time is running out: a malevolent spirit is out to destroy Lenzi, and he will kill her if she doesn't make a decision soon.
17698036	MASTERY	Just hours after Joy and Tanner's daughter is born, Tanner finds himself in a world where Joy doesn't know him and their baby doesn't exist. But when he thinks he has found the source of the magic that has undone reality, a heartsore Maddie makes a wish that alters history even further. With time now growing short for Tanner, he must try to win Joy's trust and convince her that they have a future together--even though their past has vanished.As the fabric of reality begins to fray, an old enemy arises amid the chaos... and Joy and her Ash Grove friends find themselves fighting to save the world as they know it. This thrilling sequel to The Shadow and the Rose and Casting Shadows will keep readers guessing as it races toward its astonishing conclusion.
30759584	STABILITY	Since a deadly virus and the violence that followed wiped out his parents and most of his community, Finn has lived alone on the rugged coast with only his loyal dog Rowdy for company.He has stayed alive for two winters--hunting and fishing and trading food, and keeping out of sight of the Wilders, an armed and dangerous gang that controls the north, led by a ruthless man named Ramage.But Finn's isolation is shattered when a girl runs onto the beach. Rose is a Siley--an asylum seeker--and she has escaped from Ramage, who had enslaved her and her younger sister, Kas. Rose is desperate, sick, and needs Finn's help. Kas is still missing somewhere out in the bush.And Ramage wants the girls back--at any cost.
858913	MASTERY	A funny, feisty, and charming novel.Alex Sherwood would like to blend in and keep a low profile in his local high school. His plan is thwarted when he inadvertently becomes hero to a group of so-called losers. As Alex says, "Everywhere I turned some zit-faced loser wanted me to be an oasis from constant torment. How could I refuse? After all, I was a zit-faced loser."The tormentor is Jerry Whitman Jr., who runs a successful extortion ring at school and basically makes life difficult for everyone. Alex is known as "The Savior" for his habit of helping out his fellow losers and fending off Jerry and the boys.Alex and his two best friends, Winston and Manny, spend a lot of time scheming how they and the other losers might defeat Jerry and his gang in an upcoming challenge. They are also desperate to find an adult guardian (to keep the school counsellors happy) since two of them are temporarily parentless. Serious entanglements and hilarious complications result from their antics on the home front, where extreme measures are required. As Manny puts it, "Learning to successfully con the school administration will be highly beneficial to our self-esteem." Unfortunately for the boys, the school administration is not so easily conned.This story has a wonderful exuberance, with characters that are engagingly original (including a suitably odious villain). Lekich displays a deft touch with humor, and the authentic dialogue establishes a true teen ambiance. Even Alex's disability is portrayed in a refreshingly matter-of-fact way.
14589076	BELONGING	Penny is sick of boys and sick of dating, so she vows: No more. She's had one too many bad dates, and has been hurt by one too many bad boys.It's a personal choice . . . and soon everybody wants to know about it. It seems that Penny's not the only girl who's tired of the way girls change themselves (most of the time for the worse) in order to get their guys . . . or the way their guys don't really care.Girls are soon thronging to The Lonely Hearts Club, and Penny finds herself near legendary for her nondating ways -- which is too bad, since the leader of The Lonely Hearts Club has found a certain boy she can't help but like. . . .In The Lonely Hearts Club, debut author Elizabeth Eulberg tells a very funny, very relatable romantic story for anyone who's ever sworn off love . . . and then found it anyway.
12958054	INDEPENDENCE	"Errand requiring immediate attention. Come."The note was on vellum, pierced by the talons of the almost-crow that delivered it. Karou read the message. 'He never says please', she sighed, but she gathered up her things. When Brimstone called, she always came.In general, Karou has managed to keep her two lives in balance. On the one hand, she's a 17-year-old art student in Prague; on the other, errand-girl to a monstrous creature who is the closest thing she has to family. Raised half in our world, half in 'Elsewhere', she has never understood Brimstone's dark work - buying teeth from hunters and murderers - nor how she came into his keeping. She is a secret even to herself, plagued by the sensation that she isn't whole.Now the doors to Elsewhere are closing, and Karou must choose between the safety of her human life and the dangers of a war-ravaged world that may hold the answers she has always sought.
8473300	MASTERY	The year is 2041, and sixteen-year-old Molly McClure has lived a relatively quiet life on an isolated farming island in Canada, but when her family fears the worst may have happened to her grandparents in the US, Molly must brave the dangerous, chaotic world left after global economic collapse?one of massive oil shortages, rampant crime, and abandoned cities. Molly is relieved to find her grandparents alive in their Portland suburb, but they?re financially ruined and practically starving. What should?ve been a quick trip turns into a full-fledged rescue mission. And when Molly witnesses something the local crime bosses wishes she hadn?t, Molly's only way home may be to beat them at their own game. Luckily, there's a handsome stranger who's willing to help."Restoring Harmony" is a riveting, fast-paced dystopian tale complete with adventure and romance that readers will devour.
12863680	INDEPENDENCE	Karen Newman has decided she'll never get married. Just look at her parents. All they do is fight. And now Karen's dad has moved out of the house and he and her mom are talking about divorce. Her older brother has locked himself away in his room, her little sister is a mess, and she can't bring herself to talk about any of it with her best friend. She's never felt so alone. Yet in spite of everything Karen is sure she can set things right again if only she can get her parents together in the same room. Or will her fantasy backfire?
18465591	BELONGING	A heartfelt, laugh-out-loud-funny story of romance, family, and self-discovery.Alek Khederian should have guessed something was wrong when his parents took him to a restaurant. Everyone knows that Armenians never eat out. Between bouts of interrogating the waitress and criticizing the menu, Alek's parents announce that he'll be attending summer school in order to bring up his grades. Alek is sure this experience will be the perfect hellish end to his hellish freshman year of high school. He never could've predicted that he'd meet someone like Ethan.Ethan is everything Alek wishes he were: confident, free-spirited, and irreverent. He can't believe a guy this cool wants to be his friend. And before long, it seems like Ethan wants to be more than friends. Alek has never thought about having a boyfriend--he's barely ever had a girlfriend--but maybe it's time to think again.
7747263	MASTERY	After inheriting the dark Van Alen Legacy, Schuyler fled to Florence with her forbidden love, Jack. Now the two of them must embark on the mission Schuyler was destined to complete: to find and protect the five remaining gates that guard the earth from Lucifer, lord of the Silver Bloods.Back in New York, Mimi has been elected Regent of a crumbling coven. Struggling with her heartache over the loss of Kingsley and with her overwhelming desire to destroy Jack, she must focus all of her energy on a perilous new threat. Vampires are being abducted and their captors are planning to burn them alive online...for all the world to see. Help arrives in the form of Deming Chen, a Venator from Shanghai, who must untangle the web of deceptions before the killers strike again.As the young vampires struggle for the survival of the coven, they uncover a deadly secret, a truth first discovered by Schuyler's mother during the Renaissance but kept buried for centuries. And as the Blue Blood enclave weakens yet further, fate leads Schuyler to a terrible choice that will ultimately map the destiny of her heart.
22873639	BELONGING	Fifteen-year-old Ever is blind. Only able to see what her boyfriend, Fox, looks at, which is most often herself. But sometimes it's also the muscled men who kidnapped Ever and Fox, and sometimes it's an unused mall in New York City where the two teens are locked up until they'll come into the paranormal gifts for which they were stolen. Having spent years in this mall, Ever is ready to do anything to escape.Not so with Fox. Yes, he longs to escape too, but there's one thing that he values above his freedom. It's Ever's love. So when the two try to break out of their prison and Fox imagines he is losing Ever's affections because of it, he begins to sabotage their escape, and it's up to Ever to stop him and get them both out of the mall. There is just one catch: because of the mess Fox created, Ever can salvage only one thing--either her love for him or freedom for them both.
26797288	NONE	A heartbroken girl. A fierce warrior. A hero in the making.Sixteen years ago the Kingdom of Winter was conquered and its citizens enslaved, leaving them without magic or a monarch. Now, the Winterians' only hope for freedom is the eight survivors who managed to escape, and who have been waiting for the opportunity to steal back Winter's magic and rebuild the kingdom ever since.Orphaned as an infant during Winter's defeat, Meira has lived her whole life as a refugee, raised by the Winterians' general, Sir. Training to be a warrior--and desperately in love with her best friend, and future king, Mather -- she would do anything to help her kingdom rise to power again.So when scouts discover the location of the ancient locket that can restore Winter's magic, Meira decides to go after it herself. Finally, she's scaling towers, fighting enemy soldiers, and serving her kingdom just as she's always dreamed she would. But the mission doesn't go as planned, and Meira soon finds herself thrust into a world of evil magic and dangerous politics - and ultimately comes to realize that her destiny is not, never has been, her own.Sara Raasch's debut fantasy is a lightning-fast tale of loyalty, love, and finding one's destiny.
18588785	MASTERY	Everyone needs help occasionally - even supers with amazing powers - and Jim (aka Kid Sensation) is no exception. Having previously received aid from a young psychic named Rudi, Jim feels obligated to return to the favor and rescue her from the federal facility where she's being held.But breaking into a top-secret, heavily-fortified government installation is never walk in the park, especially when said installation has top-of-the-line security systems, trigger-happy guards, and its own team of formidable supers. It will take a bold and audacious plan to get Jim - and the friends who volunteer to help him - inside.Unfortunately, breaking in is only half the problem (and the easy half, at that); they also have to break back out...
25035935	MASTERY	School is just like a film set: there's The Crew, who make things happen, The Extras who fill the empty desks, and The Movie Stars, whom everyone wants tagged in their Facebook photos. But Jude doesn't fit in. He's not part of The Crew because he isn't about to do anything unless it's court-appointed; he's not an Extra because nothing about him is anonymous; and he's not a Movie Star because even though everyone know his name like an A-lister, he isn't invited to the cool parties. As the director calls action, Jude is the flamer that lights the set on fire.Before everything turns to ashes from the resulting inferno, Jude drags his best friend Angela off the casting couch and into enough melodrama to incite the paparazzi, all while trying to fend off the haters and win the heart of his favourite co-star Luke Morris. It's a total train wreck!But train wrecks always make the front page.
33286378	INDEPENDENCE	Dana Fields's father never knew his parents. When Dana secretly does a DNA test for her dad, hoping to find him some distant relatives for his birthday, her entire world implodes. Instead of a few third cousins, Dana discovers a half brother her age whose very existence means her parents' happy marriage is a lie.Dana's desire to know her half brother, Brandon, and the extent of her dad's deception, clashes with her wish not to destroy her family. When she sees the opportunity to get to know Brandon through his cousin, the intense yet kind Chase, she takes it. But the more she finds out about Brandon, her father's past and the irresistible guy who'll never forgive her if he discovers the truth, the more she sees the inevitable fallout from her own lies. With her family crumbling around her, Dana must own up to her actions and find a way to heal the breach--for everyone--before they're torn apart for good.
22096475	MASTERY	What if a microchip could identify your perfect match? What if it could be used against you and the ones you love?Eight years ago, Mercer Corporation's M-Bands became mandatory. An evolution of the smartphone, the bracelets promised an easier life. Instead, they have come to control it.Two years ago, Maggie Stevens watched helplessly as one of the people she loves most was taken from her, shattering her world as she knew it.Now, Maggie is ready. And Quentin Mercer - heir to the M-Corp empire - has become key to Maggie's plan. But as the pieces of her dangerous design fall into place, could Quentin's involvement destroy everything she's fought for?In a world full of broken promises, the ones Maggie must keep could be the most heartbreaking.
25945296	STABILITY	College freshman Liv is more than just a fangirl: The Starveil movies are her life... So, when her favorite character, Captain Matt Spartan, is killed off at the end of the last movie, Liv Just. Can't. Deal.Tired of sitting in her room sobbing, Liv decides to launch an online campaign to bring her beloved hero back to life. With the help of her best friend, Xander, actor and steampunk cosplayer extraordinaire, she creates #SpartanSurvived, a campaign to ignite the fandom. But as her online life succeeds beyond her wildest dreams, Liv is forced to balance that with the pressures of school, her mother's disapproval, and her (mostly nonexistent and entirely traumatic) romantic life. A trip to DragonCon with Xander might be exactly what she needs to figure out what she really wants.
24811443	BELONGING	Chelsea Warren is the most popular girl in school, and the leader of the tightest clique on campus. The most important things to her are her looks and the respect of her followers. But Chelsea has a secret she doesn't want anyone to know. Amber Walker is compassionate, trustworthy, and the most well-adjusted girl in school. The most important thing to her is serving God and her community. When an argument between Chelsea and her best friend occurs, she runs straight to Amber for help. Amber discovers Chelsea's secret and turns to Pastor David Owens for assistance. Ryan Evers is the smartest boy on campus, but when a careless accident leaves one of the girls clinging to life and Ryan the object of hate, he also turns to David. Can David help these three troubled teens before it's too late?
24763293	BELONGING	He never noticed her before, but now she's all he can see...Miles Carlisle is every teen girl's fantasy. His rugged good looks and exotic British accent have helped catapult his boy band, Seconds to Juliet, to super-stardom. But after two disastrous and very public breakups, Miles isn't interested in dating just any girl; he wants The One. And the only girl he's interested in is not only his best friend's little sister - and off-limits - but won't even give him the time of day...As a kid, Aimee Bingham had a huge thing for Miles...until he made fun of her for always tagging along. Now that she's outgrown both him and her pigtails, the prospect of spending two weeks on tour with the childhood crush who broke her heart isn't exactly enticing. Except now Miles seems interested. Very interested. And no matter how hard Aimee tries to resist him, her crush is definitely making a comeback. But everyone knows that falling for a heartthrob is a backstage pass to heartbreak...For exclusive news, teasers and BOY BAND fun, like The Backstage Pass Series Facebook page! facebook.com/Backstagepassbooks
7092507	BELONGING	Kayla McHenry's sweet sixteen sucks! Her dad left, her grades dropped, and her BFF is dating the boy Kayla's secretly loved for years. Blowing out her candles, Kayla thinks: I wish my birthday wishes actually came true. Because they never freakin' do.Kayla wakes the next day to a life-sized, bright pink My Little Pony outside her window. Then a year's supply of gumballs arrives. A boy named Ken with a disturbing resemblance to the doll of the same name stalks her. As the ghosts of Kayla's wishes-past appear, they take her on a wild ride...but they must stop. Because when she was fifteen? She wished Ben Mackenzie would kiss her. And Ben is her best friend's boyfriend.
33287842	INDEPENDENCE	This is a short story about Matt and Kate during their time at University of Nottingham, written for the university's alumni magazine.It takes place during the 2039 timeline, during the events of The Next Together. The author described the story as taking place "between Kate and Matt's first meeting, and the point when everything goes to hell. So... Chapter 2? :')"Matt and Kate are outside collecting snails for a project, when they discover a crate of fireworks. Things go downhill from there...
7041456	BELONGING	Nikki Donovan, Demon Princess, is back - and stuck in a love triangle that's straight out of hell!Fresh from finding out that she is a demon princess, fighting her aunt for her life, and rescuing her father from being poisoned, Nikki Donovan is looking forward to getting back to her regular high school life. But when Rhys, the handsome king of the faery realm, decides to show up at her school as a "foreign exchange student," Nikki knows this won't be possible. Couple with this a whole host of other problems: there's a new prophecy that claims she will destroy everyone. Her conflicted feelings for Rhys and her boyfriend, Michael, are getting in the way of their relationship. Her best friend Melinda just might be a demon-slayer-in-training, and her old crush Chris might know of her demon side. Throw in a field trip to none other than Hell itself...and Nikki's going to be hoping for a rain check on more than just her homework!
18652243	MASTERY	A thrilling, dangerous adventure, this prequel novella to C.J. Redwine's Defiance and Deception features Quinn, a popular character from the series.Quinn Runningbrook knows a hundred ways to kill a man and make it hurt. He can track, ambush, and torture his prey with terrifying skill--just like his father taught him. But every kill consumes another piece of him, and Quinn longs to stop, to save himself and his sister Willow from becoming like his father--a man who kills for entertainment.But when Quinn refuses to torture a group of trespassers caught too close to the Tree Village where his family lives, and instead kills them quickly, he disobeys a direct order from his father . . . and Willow is forced to do it instead. Suddenly, Quinn isn't the favored apprentice to the family business of "protecting" the Tree Village anymore. Willow is.When Jared Adams--a courier from the nearby city-state of Baalboden--is caught traveling too close to their borders, Willow is ordered to torture him for information. But Quinn knows that Jared doesn't deserve torture or death. And he realizes he has to take action...or the fate chosen for Willow and himself by their father will remain carved in stone.
8464071	BELONGING	This is the story of the last summer of total freedom for three best friends as seen through the eyes of one of them, Violet Monroe. It is a story that deals with change and choice. In the background looms the impact of the 9/11 attack on the United States. The year is 2002. Violet believes she and her pals, Terran Ingram and Joey Fielding, will spend the summer smoking dope and trashing their parents. What she will learn is that her "perfect" friend Terran stays high to escape the successful life plan her mother has laid out for her. Her own mother stays in a constant state of intoxication and opens her mail with latex gloves, fearing anthrax. Joey, who has been madly in love with Terran since he was eleven, will finally get his chance at romance. Violet will be forced to reexamine her world and all its main characters.
13089299	INDEPENDENCE	Ever since her sixteenth birthday, strange things keep happening to Seraphina Parrish.The Lady in Black... burns Sera's memories.Unexplainable premonitions... catapult her to other cities.The Grungy Gang... wants to kill her.And a beautiful, mysterious boy... stalks her.But when Sera moves to Chicago, and her aunt reveals their family connection to a centuries old, secret society, she is immediately thrust into an unbelievable fantasy world, leading her on a quest to unravel the mysteries that plague her. In the end, their meanings crash into an epic struggle of loyalty and betrayal, and she'll be forced to choose between the boy who has stolen her heart and the thing she desires most.Wander Dust is the breathtaking fantasy that will catapult you through a story of time, adventure, and love.
455668	BELONGING	"It's not the big, tragic things in life that do you in-"For Jed Berg, life is good: He's landed a major girlfriend, made number onesingles in varsity tennis, and his father lets him drive his 1969 Camaro. Sweet.Then a punk chick with pink hair enters Jed's life. She calls herself Gertrude, but something about that doesn't sound quite right. She begins to tell Jed things -- things about himself, about his father -- that make him very uneasy. He tries to ignore her, but she won't go away. Neither will the thoughts she's put into his head. As Jed searches for the truth about Gertrude, he begins to question the reality of his own life. The truth just might drive him mad.
1443226	BELONGING	My name is Susannah Simon, and I am a mediator--a liaison between the living and the dead. If you think this gets in the way of my attempt at a normal sixteen-year-old, you'd be right. You try going to the mall while constantly being accosted by the undead.Not that this is a bad thing all the time. Like, for example, when I discovered my bedroom is haunted by Jesse, the ghost of a nineteenth-century hottie. While I haven't made much progress with him (only one kiss so far), I remain optimistic. Jesse's inexplicable resistance to my charms is not my only obstacle, though: There's this other guy. A live one, who has the same gift of gab with the undead I have. In the same way I'm after Jesse, this guy is after me. And he knows hot to send Jesse to the Great Beyond. For good.
18119	MASTERY	Here is the highly anticipated second installment of Philip Pullman's epic fantasy trilogy, begun with the critically acclaimed The Golden Compass. Lyra and Will, her newfound friend, tumble separately into the strange tropical otherworld of Cittagazze, "the city of magpies," where adults are curiously absent and children run wild. Here their lives become inextricably entwined when Lyra's alethiometer gives her a simple command: find Will's father. Their search is plagued with obstacles--some familiar and some horribly new and unfathomable--but it eventually brings them closer to Will's father and to the Subtle Knife, a deadly, magical, ancient tool that cuts windows between worlds. Through it all, Will and Lyra find themselves hurtling toward the center of a fierce battle against a force so awesome that leagues of mortals, witches, beasts, and spirits from every world are uniting in fear and anger against it. This breathtaking sequel will leave readers eager for the third and final volume of His Dark Materials.
23507677	MASTERY	Growing up on Forge's streets has taught Kyra how to stretch a coin. And when that's not enough, her uncanny ability to scale walls and bypass guards helps her take what she needs.But when the leader of the Assassins Guild offers Kyra a lucrative job, she hesitates. She knows how to get by on her own, and she's not sure she wants to play by his rules. But he is persistent-and darkly attractive-and Kyra can't quite resist his pull.Tristam of Brancel is a young Palace knight on a mission. After his best friend is brutally murdered by the Demon Riders, a clan of vicious warriors who ride bloodthirsty wildcats, Tristam vows to take them down. But as his investigation deepens, he finds his efforts thwarted by a talented thief, one who sneaks past Palace defenses with uncanny ease.When a fateful raid throws Kyra and Tristam together, the two enemies realize that their best chance at survival-and vengeance-might be to join forces. And as their loyalties are tested to the breaking point, they learn a startling secret about Kyra's past that threatens to reshape both their lives.In her arresting debut novel, Livia Blackburne creates a captivating world where intrigue prowls around every corner-and danger is a way of life. Praise for Midnight ThiefIndies Introduce New Voices selection for Summer/Fall 2014 "Blackburne's fast-paced fantasy will please fans of Leigh Bardugo and Tamora Pierce."-School Library Journal"[A] dark, morally complex adventure."-Kirkus Reviews"Put this in the hands of fans of Suzanne Collins and Veronica Roth."-VOYA"Blackburne's high fantasy is expansive, with entertaining characters and a well-constructed world."-Booklist
1699905	MASTERY	Ah, Christmas! Gemma Doyle is looking forward to a holiday from Spence Academy, spending time with her friends in the city, attending ritzy balls, and on a somber note, tending to her ailing father. As she prepares to ring in the New Year, 1896, a handsome young man, Lord Denby, has set his sights on Gemma, or so it seems. Yet amidst the distractions of London, Gemma's visions intensify-visions of three girls dressed in white, to whom something horrific has happened, something only the realms can explain. . . .The lure is strong, and before long, Gemma, Felicity, and Ann are turning flowers into butterflies in the enchanted world of the realms that Gemma alone can bring them to. To the girls' great joy, their beloved Pippa is there as well, eager to complete their circle of friendship.But all is not well in the realms-or out. The mysterious Kartik has reappeared, telling Gemma she must find the Temple and bind the magic, else great disaster will befall her. Gemma's willing to do his intrusive bidding, despite the dangers it brings, for it means she will meet up with her mother's greatest friend-and now her foe, Circe. Until Circe is destroyed, Gemma cannot live out her destiny. But finding Circe proves a most perilous task. From the Hardcover edition.
23816108	MASTERY	Cara always knew life on planet L'eihr would be an adjustment. With Aelyx, her L'eihr boyfriend, back on Earth, working to mend the broken alliance between their two planets, Cara is left to fend for herself at a new school, surrounded by hostile alien clones. Even the weird dorm pet hates her. Things look up when Cara is appointed as human representative to a panel preparing for a human colony on L'eihr. A society melding their two cultures is a place where Cara and Aelyx could one day make a life together. But with L'eihr leaders balking at granting even the most basic freedoms, Cara begins to wonder if she could ever be happy on this planet, even with Aelyx by her side. Meanwhile, on Earth, Aelyx, finds himself thrown into a full-scale PR campaign to improve human-L'eihr relations. Humans don't know that their very survival depends on this alliance: only Aelyx's people have the technology to fix the deadly contamination in the global water supply that human governments are hiding. Yet despite their upper hand, the leaders of his world suddenly seem desperate to get humans on their side, and hardly bat an eye at extremists' multiple attempts on Aelyx's life. The Way clearly needs humans' help but with what? And what will they ask for in return?
26507769	BELONGING	Ashlee Reynolds couldn't be more ordinary...While most college freshmen are partying and going on wild adventures, nineteen-year-old Ashlee just goes to classes, works, and hangs out with friends. It'd be nice to have some excitement in her life--or even better, a little romance.When her wish comes true, a midnight rendezvous lands her in the hospital...There was this boy. Isn't that how every spiralling downhill story begins? It's a little strange he wants to meet her on the edge of the woods at night, but she did want to spice things up, and an unconventional date is the perfect ingredient. But when he stands her up, leaving her alone in the dark, she's attacked by a wild animal. The next day, Ashlee wakes up in the hospital, dazed, confused, and convinced she's gone crazy.When strange things begin to happen, she meets Jayden Ross, who brings crazy to a whole new level...After her seemingly random attack, other beasts of the feline and canine variety are drawn to her--and we're not talking housecats and lapdogs. When Ashlee bumps into Jayden on campus, her immediate attraction tempts her to get closer, but he wants nothing to do with her--until he realizes she's had an encounter with one of the others.Ashlee learns Jayden isn't entirely human, and nothing is what is seems.On the run and fighting for their lives, Ashlee and Jayden weave their way through a world of powerful corporations and their secret experiments, all of which revolve around Jayden's past--and possibly, their future.
533196	BELONGING	Kyle was the most gorgeous boy Julie had ever seen. It was so easy to fall in love and so natural to let themselves go. Then, before they knew it, the summer had melted away. Kyle went back to school, and Julie was left alone. And pregnant.Julie couldn't believe this was happening! She was only sixteen-she wasn't ready to have a child. How would she tell her parents? How could she face her friends? What should she do with the child growing inside her?Desperate, afraid, confused, Julie struggles to find the courage to make it though. Then a good friend comes to help her, and she finds strength and comfort from the most wonderful place of all.
7992647	BELONGING	Lula Bird is gorgeous, funny and dreading her birthday because you can't turn 16 if you've never been kissed . . . so why does every boy in Hambledon run a mile the second she bats her eyelids? The fact is, they fear for their lives. Rumour has it Lula's been jinxed! And it's not as if that's her only problem: Lula thinks she has a stalker, her dad keeps sneaking out at night with a lady's handbag, and a mysterious theft is threatening to bring the town to its knees. . . . With only 5 days to go till her birthday, can Lula get the guy, solve the crime and jilt the jinx for good?
25413626	MASTERY	After the death of their parents, seventeen year old Liv Larson and her younger brother are separated by the foster care system. Her grades slip, her friends drift away, and she gives up on her plans for college. The only thing that matters is keeping the promise to get back to her brother. After months of solitude and anti-social behavior, Liv's best friend Riley drags her to their high school's rooftop solar flare party. Despite the beautiful lights dancing in the sky, Liv finds herself captivated by Zander, a mysterious boy with a crooked smile. For a few hours, she allows herself to feel normal again.That is until what should have been a small flare erupts into a massive solar storm. Cut off from the rest of the world with no sign of rescue, fear and paranoia begin to take their toll on the group. Battle lines are drawn and their ranks are divided. Soon, those left behind must embark on a perilous journey to save one of their own...but, something sinister awaits them in the shadows and it's undeniably connected to Liv.Can she keep her promise to reunite with her brother? What are Liv and her friends willing to do to survive? Will their bravery and determination be enough to save them all from a rogue military unit, a terrifying virus, and the things that go bump in the night?Or was Icarus really the KILLSHOT?
21943795	MASTERY	Being a teen is never easy...Zombies, demons, vampires, shapeshifters-another day in the life of sixteen-year-old Nick Gautier-and those are just his friends. But now that he's accepted the demon that lives inside him, he must learn to control it and temper the very emotions that threaten the lives of everyone he cares for. Something that's hard to do while trying to stay off the menus of those who want his head on a platter. And no one wants him more than the dark gods who created his race. Now that they know where he is, they will stop at nothing to reclaim him. And without knowing it, Nick has just embraced the one person he should never have trusted. The one person who will hand him over to his enemies to get back the life they lost.Nick has finally accepted his fate, now he must learn to defy his destiny, and the dark, deadly forces that will stop at nothing to destroy everyone he loves so that they can again return to the world of man and own it, in the next Chronicles of Nick novel, Instinct, from #1 New York Times bestselling author Sherrilyn Kenyon.
22509768	BELONGING	A sexy, funny roller coaster of a story about one date over one very long night in New York. Nick and Norah are both suffering from broken hearts. So when Nick sees the girl who dumped him walk in with a new guy he asks the strange girl next to him to be his girlfriend for the next five minutes. Norah would do anything to avoid conversation with the not-friend girl who dumped Nick, and get over the Evil Ex whom Norah never quite broke up with. And so she agrees. What follows is an epic first date between two people who are just trying to figure out who they want to be - and where the next great band is playing.
22729344	BELONGING	Both personal and universal, this is a compelling story about high school, family and owning up to who you really are. Farizan is just the voice YA needs right now. Trust me, you'll be glad you listened. --Sarah DessenHigh-school junior Leila has made it most of the way through Armstead Academy without having a crush on anyone, which is something of a relief. Her Persian heritage already makes her different from her classmates; if word got out that she liked girls, life would be twice as hard. But when a sophisticated, beautiful new girl, Saskia, shows up, Leila starts to take risks she never thought she would, especially when it looks as if the attraction between them is mutual. Struggling to sort out her growing feelings and Saskia s confusing signals, Leila confides in her old friend, Lisa, and grows closer to her fellow drama tech-crew members, especially Tomas, whose comments about his own sexuality are frank, funny, wise, and sometimes painful. Gradually, Leila begins to see that almost all her classmates are more complicated than they first appear to be, and many are keeping fascinating secrets of their own."
8428049	NONE	Jane, Victoria, and Natalya. Together, they are the Darlings. Best friends forever. They have matching necklaces, their own table at Ga Ga Noodle, and even a shared motto: May you always do what you're afraid of doing.When the friends begin freshman year at three different high schools in distant corners of New York City, they promise to live by their motto and stay as close as ever. The Darlings know they can get through anything as long as they have each other. But doing scary new things is a lot easier with your friends beside you. And now that the girls aren't spending all their time together, everything they took for granted about their friendship starts to feel less certain. They can't help but wonder, will they really be the Darlings forever?The first book in an exciting new series by bestselling author Melissa Kantor, The DarlingsAre Foreverwill speak to any girl who has ever had a best friend.
25198437	MASTERY	Evelynn Faust suffers from horrible insomnia and paranoia. The summer before her senior year of high school should be one of the best summers of her life. But she's tormented by guilt and an addiction that haunts her every waking moment.Evelynn is a drug dealer who also craves the drug she sells. The money and the popularity that come with it aren't bad either. But when she's caught dealing on school property by Eric Wagner, the respected and admired police chief's son, the game is over. He won't snitch on her, unless she gives him whatever he wants - her.She's being blackmailed. Evelynn has no one to turn to for help. Not her parents who don't understand her rebellious nature or her circle of friends who only care about partying and getting high. When Adam Tristen moves in across the street, and he wants to get to know her better, it all seems too good to be true.She must make a pact with the devil. Evelynn now looks over her shoulder wherever she goes, waiting for Eric to act on his threats. But Adam, the charming college sophomore, sees something special inside Evelynn, and he wants to help her fix mistakes. In order to do that she must confront a dark secret from her past that could destroy her family...her life...and her entire world as she knows it. She'll need to take a leap of faith.
8942262	INDEPENDENCE	Fiona's life changed forever when her mother died in a South Pacific sailing accident. One year later, everyone tells her it is time to move on. To Fiona, moving on means leaving her mother behind-something she has vowed never to do. But Fiona's father has started dating again. His new girlfriend, Kathy, is a professional psychic who claims she can predict the future and communicate with the dead. Fiona is sure she is a fraud, although she secretly longs for her abilities to be genuine. With the reluctant support of her best friend Abby, Fiona sets out to put an end to her father's new relationship by trying to prove, with decidedly mixed results, that Kathy is a liar.
13577075	STABILITY	At the party of the year, a rich girl's practical joke turns deadlyFor the high schoolers of Greenhaven, Cass Rockham's fall party is the social event of the year. Each October, students wait by their mailboxes, praying for the gilt-edged invitation that grants entry into the inner circle of the most popular crowd. And now Cass has planned her finest party yet, with a new sauna, a hot band, and no parents for miles. But to make this party really killer, Cass tops it all off with a sinister twist. Nerdy Sarah Drew is shocked when she and her friends receive invitations to Cass's affair. For years she's steered clear of the popular kids, and now they want her to come to their party? Sarah is wary, but her friends talk her into coming with them. But she regrets it quickly, for at Cass Rockham's mansion, the only party favor is death. This ebook features an illustrated biography of Diane Hoh including rare photos and never-before-seen documents from the author's personal collection.
12579884	BELONGING	When her dad is transferred, Rachel Wood is uprooted from her home in Pennsylvania and forced to enter a new high school, in 10th grade, in an affluent suburb in Westchester, New York. She finds herself in way over her head, as she struggles to come to grips with meeting new friends, finding a boyfriend, avoiding the cliques of mean girls, and figuring out how to survive in such a hostile new world. She has trouble navigating this new world, where drinking and drugs seem the norm, and where social pressures build on her from every direction.Everything seems to go wrong for Rachel, until salvation comes in the form of Rob, a football player who takes a liking to her. But just as their romance is about to blossom, she finds herself confused by his actions.As things reach a low point, Rachel meets a mysterious boy from her school, Benji, a loner who keeps apart from the other kids, and who takes her on a ride on his motorcycle. They have an unforgettable night together in an amusement park--until something goes horribly wrong, and Benji shocks her by saving her life.Rachel knows that Benji is different from everyone else, and she knows that he is the love of her life. And as their romance deepens, she has to decide if she is willing to give up everything to find out his secret...
17935316	BELONGING	A teen at boarding school grapples with life, love, and rugby in a heartbreakingly funny novel.Ryan Dean West is a fourteen-year-old junior at a boarding school for rich kids. He's living in Opportunity Hall, the dorm for troublemakers, and rooming with the biggest bully on the rugby team. And he's madly in love with his best friend Annie, who thinks of him as a little boy.With the help of his sense of humor, rugby buddies, and his penchant for doodling comics, Ryan Dean manages to survive life's complications and even find some happiness along the way. But when the unthinkable happens, he has to figure out how to hold on to what's important, even when it feels like everything has fallen apart.Filled with hand-drawn infographics and illustrations and told in a pitch-perfect voice, this realistic depiction of a teen's experience strikes an exceptional balance of hilarious and heartbreaking.
9657128	MASTERY	No matter how far and how fast you run, the truth is never far behind.CIA counter-terrorism expert Manual Ramirez has spent the last three years looking for the woman he loves, who disappeared without a trace while on a post-graduate trip to France. Then, as suddenly as she disappeared, Jules Trehan turns up in a small-town Colorado hospital bed, injured in an explosion that killed her parents. Manny is shocked by the change in the woman he once knew. Kidnapped by a shadowy organization, Jules has been forced to become the very thing he's pledged his life to defeat--a terrorist assassin. Knowing her testimony will finally bring down the organization, Manny races to get her to Washington, D.C. in one piece. Just when there's a glimmer of hope of overcoming her past, Jules must pull off one last job or Manny's life will be forfeit. It's a mission she must complete...even if it means betraying the only man she has ever loved. Warning, this title contains the following: Explicit sex, adult language, violence.
18941825	INDEPENDENCE	To the outside world, Anna appears to be an ordinary high school senior...Anna has a lot of questions. Should she pursue her desire to leave home for college and live out her dream of becoming a physicist? Or should she stay home and help care for her family, which has struggled ever since her father died in Afghanistan? Is her crush, Steve, really interested in her, or is he only using the highly intelligent Anna to try and boost his grades in school?These questions, plus the ordinary trials and tribulations of high school, distract Anna from noticing some very... strange things that are beginning to happen to her.For as long as Anna can remember, she has had a haphazard smattering of freckles on her arm. But these freckles are starting to change, and cause a series of unnerving hallucinations and odd side effects that only Anna seems to notice. When a strange shadow man starts to haunt her nights, she decides to go on a hunt for the truth to discover, once and for all, what is happening to her. The hallucinations continue growing stronger, however, and each new visit by the shadow man appears to become more and more threatening. Eventually, Anna realizes that she can no longer hide from her friends and family what is happening to her.But as she shares her secret with those closest to her, Anna never imagines that her very life, and the lives of those she loves, will be put in jeopardy.Who, or what, is Anna?
15789567	INDEPENDENCE	Seeking a fresh start, newly divorced Sarah and her daughter Elissa find the house of their dreams in a small, upscale, rural town. But when startling and unexplainable events begin to happen, Sarah and Elissa learn the town is in the shadows of a chilling secret. Years earlier, in the house next door, a daughter killed her parents in their beds, and disappeared - leaving only a brother, Ryan, as the sole survivor. Against Sarah's wishes, Elissa begins a relationship with the reclusive Ryan - and the closer they get, the deeper they're all pulled into a mystery more dangerous than they ever imagined.This novel includes a fold-out poster!
34752726	NONE	The Keeper:A prequel to the Lunar Chronicles, showing a young Scarlet and how Princess Selene came into the care of Michelle Benoit.Glitches:In this prequel to Cinder, we see the results of the plague play out, and the emotional toll it takes on Cinder. Something that may, or may not, be a glitch....The Queen's Army:In this prequel to Scarlet, we're introduced to the army Queen Levana is building, and one soldier in particular who will do anything to keep from becoming the monster they want him to be.Carswell's Guide to Being Lucky:Thirteen-year-old Carswell Thorne has big plans involving a Rampion spaceship and a no-return trip out of Los Angeles.After Sunshine Passes By:In this prequel to Cress, we see how a nine-year-old Cress ended up alone on a satellite, spying on Earth for Luna.The Princess and the Guard:In this prequel to Winter, we see a young Winter and Jacin playing a game called the Princess and the Guard...The Little Android:A retelling of Hans Christian Andersen's "The Little Mermaid," set in the world of The Lunar Chronicles.The Mechanic:In this prequel to Cinder, we see Kai and Cinder's first meeting from Kai's perspective.Something Old, Something New:In this epilogue to Winter, friends gather for the wedding of the century...
10810823	MASTERY	RUINED, the seventh and final book in the Witches of Santa Anna series of novellas...Natalia Moore is the new girl at Santa Anna Prep, and all she wants to do is fly under the radar -- get to her classes, meet a few friends, and try not to make a total fool of herself in the meantime. But when handsome and popular Campbell Elliot goes out of his way to be nice to the new girl, Natalia's plan to go unnoticed flies out the window.Cam's hot, but he's completely off-limits. Raine Marsden, the most popular and meanest girl in school, has had her eye on him ever since the summer. And Raine doesn't like competition.When Cam goes as far as inviting Natalia to the exclusive weekend party at Raine's house, Raine sets her sights on a new victim. But what Natalia doesn't know is that Raine and her friends are no ordinary mean girls. They have powers most people can only dream of, and nobody will stand in the way of what they want. And what Raine wants is Campbell.The Witches of Santa Anna series of novellas, proves just how far true love will go and that nothing--not even pure evil--can change your destiny....
6339664	BELONGING	A SACRED OATHA FALLEN ANGELA FORBIDDEN LOVERomance was not part of Nora Grey's plan. She's never been particularly attracted to the boys at her school, no matter how hard her best friend, Vee, pushes them at her. Not until Patch comes along. With his easy smile and eyes that seem to see inside her, Patch draws Nora to him against her better judgment.But after a series of terrifying encounters, Nora's not sure whom to trust. Patch seems to be everywhere she is and seems to know more about her than her closest friends. She can't decide whether she should fall into his arms or run and hide. And when she tries to seek some answers, she finds herself near a truth that is way more unsettling than anything Patch makes her feel.For she is right in the middle of an ancient battle between the immortal and those that have fallen - and, when it comes to choosing sides, the wrong choice will cost Nora her life.
25432577	INDEPENDENCE	Kait Lenox and Ethan Ripley are officially in the I love you stage and they can't keep their hands off each other. When she's not making out with Ethan, Kait also has a new internship at the local police department. Kait's life is finally perfect, that is until she sees her boss interrogating someone she knows. It's Troy, her ex-BFF Ariel's boyfriend and it looks like he's going to be accused of murder. Kait knows she probably shouldn't get involved and that Ethan will hate it, but she just can't help herself!
18074826	MASTERY	At St. Peter's, an exclusive British boarding school for boys, a teacher's word is law--and Anthony Parker is leading a rebellion. When he is found reading a book containing "questionable content," he receives a reprimand from the headmaster. Parker responds by secretly lending questionable materials to other students, aided by his best friend and long-time crush, Rafe.The situation escalates when their draconic literature teacher discovers their subterfuge and compiles a banned books list. Parker and Rafe fall in with Peter Fritz, a broody outcast who's turning the ban in his favor by buying and lending banned books to students--for a price. As the banned books library grows and hidden feelings threaten the boys' burgeoning partnership, they discover that the challenges of growing up might outweigh the rewards of bucking the system.
17284971	MASTERY	Best friends don't lie.Best friends don't ditch you for a guy.Best friends don't post your deepest, darkest secrets online.Bailey's falling head-over-high-heels for Ryder West, a mysterious gamer she met online. A guy she's never met in person. Her best friend, Meg, doesn't trust smooth-talking Ryder. He's just a picture-less profile.When Bailey starts blowing Meg off to spend more virtual quality time with her new crush, Meg decides it's time to prove Ryder's a phony.But one stupid little secret posted online turns into a friendship-destroying feud to answer the question:Who is Ryder West?
6368610	MASTERY	Hunger for nourishment.Hunger for touch.Hunger to belong.Half-human and half-faery, Ani is driven by her hungers.Those same appetites also attract powerful enemies and uncertain allies, including Devlin. He was created as an assassin and is brother to the faeries' coolly logical High Queen and to her chaotic twin, the embodiment of War. Devlin wants to keep Ani safe from his sisters, knowing that if he fails, he will be the instrument of Ani's death.Ani isn't one to be guarded while others fight battles for her, though. She has the courage to protect herself and the ability to alter Devlin's plans -- and his life. The two are drawn together, each with reason to fear the other and to fear forone another. But as they grow closer, a larger threat imperils the whole of Faerie. Will saving the faery realm mean losing each other?Alluring romance, heart-stopping danger, and sinister intrigue combine in the penultimate volume of Melissa Marr's New York Timesbestselling Wicked Lovely series.
